<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id ="id9YZ-08540-UG05-PCZZA-d1e193724"><title>Account</title><conbody>
<section>

<p>The operator can specify default attributes for account as mentioned in the following table.</p>
            <!--This is to test cherrypick feature.-->
<p>If account is defined in the template and not specified in the sub-template, or vice versa, then the one that is defined is used. If both are defined, the Account Id specified in the subTemplate is used.</p>
<table colsep="1" pgwide="1" rowsep="1"><title>Account parameters</title>

<tgroup cols="3">
<colspec colname="col1" />
<colspec colname="col2" />
<colspec colname="COLSPEC2" />
<thead>
<row>
<entry>
<p>Parameter</p>
</entry>
<entry>
<p>Description</p>
</entry>
<entry>
<p>Mandatory/Optional</p>
</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry>
Account Type
</entry>
<entry>
<p>This parameter indicates the type of account for billing purposes.</p>
<p>Valid values: Prepaid, Postpaid</p>
</entry>
<entry>
Optional
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
Account Balance
</entry>
<entry>
This parameter indicates the balance of the account.
</entry>
<entry>
Optional
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry nameend="COLSPEC2" namest="col1">

<uicontrol>Billing Cycle information</uicontrol>

</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
Hour of Day
</entry>
<entry>
This parameter indicates the hour of the day selected for that account.
</entry>
<entry>
Optional
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
Day of Month
</entry>
<entry>
This parameter is used for monthly resets and represents the day of the month that the usage is reset. You must also configure the Hour of Day parameter to the time of day that you want the reset to occur.
</entry>
<entry>
Optional
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
Day of Week
</entry>
<entry>
<p>This parameter is used for weekly resets and has no affect on monthly resets.</p>
<p>You must also configure the Hour of Day parameter to the time of day that you want the reset. The day of the week to reset can be: Sunday, Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, Saturday.</p>
<p>If no value is provided, the current day of the week is used when the account is created.</p>
</entry>
<entry>
Optional
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry nameend="COLSPEC2" namest="col1">

<uicontrol>Overage</uicontrol>

</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
Overage Limit
</entry>
<entry>
This parameter specifies the overage limit on the main balance.
</entry>
<entry>
Optional
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry nameend="COLSPEC2" namest="col1">

<uicontrol>Associations</uicontrol>

</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
Account Lifecycle
</entry>
<entry>
<p>This parameter indicates the name of the lifecycle that you want added to the account.</p>
<p>Default: DefaultAccountLifeCycle</p>
</entry>
<entry>
Optional
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
Period Lifecycle
</entry>
<entry>
<p>This parameter indicates the period lifecycle added to the account.</p>
<p>Default: DefaultAccountBillingCycle</p>
</entry>
<entry>
Optional
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry nameend="COLSPEC2" namest="col1">
<p>
<uicontrol>Custom Data</uicontrol>
</p>
<p>This enables to add custom data dictionary to the account.</p>
<p>Click <b>ADD CUSTOM DATA</b> to add custom data to the account.</p>
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
Key
</entry>
<entry>
This parameter indicates the name of a custom data pre-configured in the custom data dictionary.
</entry>
<entry>
Optional
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
Type
</entry>
<entry>
This parameter indicates the type that is not configurable and pre-configured in the custom data dictionary.
</entry>
<entry>
Optional
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
Value
</entry>
<entry>
This parameter indicates the value for the type configured.
</entry>
<entry>
Optional
</entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</section>
</conbody></concept>