<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id ="id9YZ-08540-UG05-PCZZA-deviceconfig3"><title>Actions associated with the device</title><conbody>
<section>

<table colsep="1" pgwide="1" rowsep="1"><title>Actions associated with the device</title>

<tgroup cols="2">
<colspec colname="col1" />
<colspec colname="col2" />
<thead>
<row>
<entry>
<p>Action</p>
</entry>
<entry>
<p>Description</p>
</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry>
addDeviceToGroup 
</entry>
<entry>
Used to add a device to a group.
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
findByIdentities 
</entry>
<entry>
Used to find device by identities type and value.
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
findDevicesByGroup 
</entry>
<entry>
Used to find devices by a Group ID.
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
findDevicesByOwner 
</entry>
<entry>
Used to find devices by a Owner ID.
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
removeDeviceFromGroup 
</entry>
<entry>
Used to remove a device from a Group ID.
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
Custom-Data-Add
</entry>
<entry>
Used to assign custom data attributes and to configure adjustment operators for the custom data types in a single action.
</entry>
</row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>deleteDevice</entry>
                            <entry>Used to delete a device. <p>When a request is received from the
                                    network to delete a device, NCC checks whether there are any
                                    active sessions (Gy, IMS, SMS, MMS, Sy, IMS, or 5G) for the
                                    device. </p><ul id="ul_qbq_1cz_rmb">
                                    <li>If there are no active sessions: The device is deleted.</li>
                                    <li>If there are active sessions: First, the units reserved for
                                        such sessions are de-allocated. Then the sessions are
                                        deleted and then the device is deleted.</li>
                                </ul>NCC does not send any update to the requesting network/PCRF via
                                ASR, STR, or RAR messages for the device/session deletion. If the
                                network sends further CCR(T) or CCR(U) requests, then an error or
                                alarm is generated for the update/termination of the non-existing
                                session. <note>In case of co-resident policy and charging, policy
                                    behavior for device deletion remains unchanged.</note></entry>
                        </row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
<note>

<p>These actions are valid for internal purposes only. It is not accessible through the SM GUI for operators.</p>
</note>
</section>
</conbody></concept>
