<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id ="id9YZ-08540-UG05-PCZZA-d1e41873"><title>Actions associated with the account</title><conbody>
<section>

<table colsep="1" pgwide="1" rowsep="1"><title>Actions associated with the account</title>

<tgroup cols="2">
<colspec colname="col1" />
<colspec colname="col2" />
<thead>
<row>
<entry>
<p>Action</p>
</entry>
<entry>
<p>Description</p>
</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry>
addAdministratorForAccount 
</entry>
<entry>
Used to add user to an account as administrator.
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
goToFinalState
</entry>
<entry>
Used to take the account to the final state of its lifecycle.
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
adjustBalance 
</entry>
<entry>
Used to adjust account balance.
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
findAccountsByAdministrator 
</entry>
<entry>
Used to find account by administrator ID.
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
findGroupsByAdministrator 
</entry>
<entry>
Used to find a group by administrator name.
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
getBalance 
</entry>
<entry>
Used to get account balance.
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
removeAdministratorForAccount 
</entry>
<entry>
Used to remove a user or administrator from an account.
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
setBalance 
</entry>
<entry>
Used to create balance for an account.
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
accountThresholdReset
</entry>
<entry>
<p>Use this method for the following cases:</p><ul>

<li>
<p>Internally trigger an account balance set, update, or reset.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Reset an already set threshold on the basis of the current account balance.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Modify the account overage value.</p>
</li>
</ul>
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
addTPGInstanceToAccount
</entry>
<entry>
<p>Use this method for the following cases:</p><ul>

<li>
<p>Attach a list of TPG names to an account. This method is triggered after the account creation with the list of threshold names to be attached to it or before the account deletion with an empty list of thresholds.</p>
<p>The list of thresholds in the TPG are validated to be of <i>Absolute from Zero</i> type while attaching them to an account.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Add, update, or delete TPGs.</p>
</li>
</ul>
</entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
<note>

<p>These actions are valid for internal purposes only. It is not accessible through the SM GUI for operators.</p>
</note>
</section>
</conbody></concept>