<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id ="id9YZ-08540-UG05-PCZZA-d1e208312"><title>Actions</title><conbody>
<section>

<p>Operators must trigger RENAME APIs (REST) to modify unknown names to known names.</p>
<table colsep="1" pgwide="1" rowsep="1">
<tgroup cols="2">
<colspec colname="col1" />
<colspec colname="col2" />
<thead>
<row>
<entry>
<p>Action</p>
</entry>
<entry>
<p>Description</p>
</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry>
updateDeviceName
</entry>
<entry>
Used to update the device name from unknown to known by providing Old Device name and New Device name.
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
updateGroupName
</entry>
<entry>
Used to update the group name from unknown to known providing Old Group name and New Group name.
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
updateAccountName
</entry>
<entry>
Used to update the account name from unknown to known providing Old Account name and New Account name.
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
updateUserName
</entry>
<entry>
Used to update the user name from unknown to known providing Old User name and New User name.
</entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
<note>

<p>These actions are valid for internal purposes only and cannot be accessed using the SM GUI.</p>
</note>
<p>Following list provides information on renaming the unknown entities:</p><ul>

<li>
<p> The new parameters (deviceName, accountName, groupName, userName) are visible only in the
                        Aerospike DB and replicated in the entity IDs on SM GUI. After updating the
                        name of unknown entities, all the corresponding APIs work with new entity
                        IDs. The SM GUI displays all the new known IDs.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>The unknown entity names for Device, Group, Account, User also get renamed in EDRs.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>The unknown device name is changed based on the value set in the application preference <varname>Unknown Device Identifier(IMSI, E164 or NONE)</varname> attribute. For example, if the value is E164, then the device name is set to the value of E164 received in the southbound call. If E164 is not present in the call, then the device name is not set. </p>
<p>For more details on the <varname>Unknown Device Identifier(IMSI, E164 or NONE)</varname>
                        application preference, see the <filepath>NCC Global Configuration
                            guide</filepath>. </p>

</li>
</ul>
</section>
</conbody></concept>