<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id ="id9YZ-08540-UG05-PCZZA-d1e193723"><title>Device</title><conbody>
<section>

<p>The operator can specify default attributes for device as mentioned in the following table.</p>
<p>If Attach to Device parameter is true in the sub-templates, then the provisioned subscription is attached to this Device.</p>
<table colsep="1" pgwide="1" rowsep="1"><title>Device parameters</title>

<tgroup cols="3">
<colspec colname="col1" />
<colspec colname="col2" />
<colspec colname="COLSPEC1" />
<thead>
<row>
<entry>
<p>Parameter</p>
</entry>
<entry>
<p>Description</p>
</entry>
<entry>
<p>Mandatory/Optional</p>
</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry>
Allow Overage
</entry>
<entry>
This parameter indicates whether the overage is allowed. Select this check box to enable overage.
</entry>
<entry>
Optional
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
Sy OCS Enabled
</entry>
<entry>
This parameter indicates whether an OCS over the Sy interface is enabled or not.
</entry>
<entry>
Optional
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
Sy OCS Realm
</entry>
<entry>
This parameter indicates the destination realm of OCS allowing you to select a specific OCS from a group of OCSs based on the subscriber device.
</entry>
<entry>
Optional
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
Sy OCS Host
</entry>
<entry>
This parameter indicates the destination host of OCS allowing you to select a specific OCS from a group of OCSs based on the subscriber device.
</entry>
<entry>
Optional
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry nameend="COLSPEC1" namest="col1">

<uicontrol>Associations</uicontrol>

</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
Notification Profile
</entry>
<entry>
This parameter indicates the name of the notification profile associated with the device.
</entry>
<entry>
Optional
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
Device Lifecycle
</entry>
<entry>
<p>This parameter indicates the name of the lifecycle you want to associate with the device.</p>
<p>Default: DefaultDeviceLifeCycle</p>
</entry>
<entry>
Optional
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
Subscription Index
</entry>
<entry>
<p>This parameter indicates the subscription index for the device. </p>
<p>Valid values: Device_First, Group_First.</p>
</entry>
<entry>
Optional
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry nameend="COLSPEC1" namest="col1">
<p>
<uicontrol>Custom Data</uicontrol>
</p>
<p>This enables to add custom data dictionary to the device.</p>
<p>Click <b>ADD CUSTOM DATA</b> to add custom data to the Device.</p>
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
Key
</entry>
<entry>
This parameter indicates the name of a custom data pre-configured in the custom data dictionary.
</entry>
<entry>
Optional
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
Type
</entry>
<entry>
This parameter indicates the type that is not configurable and pre-configured in the custom data dictionary.
</entry>
<entry>
Optional
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
Value
</entry>
<entry>
This parameter indicates the value for the type configured.
</entry>
<entry>
Optional
</entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</section>
</conbody></concept>