<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id ="id9YZ-08540-UG05-PCZZA-d1e193725"><title>Group</title><conbody>
<section>

<p>The operator can specify default attributes for group as mentioned in the following table.</p>
<p>If group is specified in the template, then the group is added in the list of groups in the device created during the unknown call. Also if Attach to Group parameter is true in the sub-template, then the provisioned subscription is attached to this.</p>
<table colsep="1" pgwide="1" rowsep="1"><title>Group parameters</title>

<tgroup cols="3">
<colspec colname="col1" />
<colspec colname="col2" />
<colspec colname="COLSPEC3" />
<thead>
<row>
<entry>
<p>Parameter</p>
</entry>
<entry>
<p>Description</p>
</entry>
<entry>
<p>Mandatory/Optional</p>
</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry>
Name
</entry>
<entry>
<p>This parameter indicates the name of the group. </p>
<p>If no group is assigned, the NCC system assigns a unique ID. If the group is specified, then it
                                    must be available in the system.</p>
</entry>
<entry>
Optional
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
Traversal Order
</entry>
<entry>
This parameter indicates the traversal order of hierarchy.
</entry>
<entry>
Optional
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry nameend="COLSPEC3" namest="col1">

<uicontrol>Associations</uicontrol>

</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
Group Lifecycle
</entry>
<entry>
<p>This parameter indicates the name of the lifecycle that you want add to the group.</p>
<p>Default: DefaultGroupLifeCycle</p>
</entry>
<entry>
Optional
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry nameend="COLSPEC3" namest="col1">
<p>
<uicontrol>Custom Data</uicontrol>
</p>
<p>This enables to add custom data dictionary to the group.</p>
<p>Click <b>ADD CUSTOM DATA</b> to add custom data to the group.</p>
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
Key
</entry>
<entry>
This parameter indicates the name of a custom data pre-configured in the custom data dictionary.
</entry>
<entry>
Optional
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
Type
</entry>
<entry>
This parameter indicates the type that is not configurable and pre-configured in the custom data dictionary.
</entry>
<entry>
Optional
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
Value
</entry>
<entry>
This parameter indicates the value for the type configured.
</entry>
<entry>
Optional
</entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</section>
</conbody></concept>