<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id ="id9YZ-08540-UG05-PCZZA-d1e17002"><title>Overview</title><conbody>
<section>

<p>A group entity interacts with the lifecycle other entities as follows:</p><ul>

<li>
<p>
<b>Group and account</b>: The account entity controls or owns the monetary and billing cycle elements of the services. A group administrator must be named that would be responsible for adding or removing users to/from a group and for assigning service access permissions to group members.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>
<b>Group and Device or Group</b>: A group can be the member of 0 (zero) or more groups at the n+1 level (for example, immediate super-group, with no consideration for nesting). The association between a group and device or sub-group is not a &#8216;parent/child&#8217; association. The group does not own the device. </p>
</li>
<li>
<p>
<b>Group and Service Entity</b>: The relationship between a group and a service entity is used to indicate that the members of the group have access to the service and that the service is usable by the members of the group. The relationship does not define that the group owns the service. Removal of the relationship should not require removal of the service instance.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>
<b>Group and Custom Data</b>: There is only one domain for Group attributes in the custom data dictionary. A group can be associated to one or more Custom Data.</p>
</li>
</ul>
</section>
</conbody></concept>