<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id ="id9YZ-08540-UG05-PCZZA-SessionSearch2"><title>Searching sessions by device</title><conbody>
<section>

<p>You can tap the magnifying glass icon in the Sessions window to open the Search Sessions by Device dialog. Here you can select one of the following for searching:</p><ul>

<li>
<p>
<b>Based on Identifier</b>
</p>
<p>Search for a device based on one of the following identifiers</p><ul>

<li>
<p>E164</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>IMSI</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>NAI</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>SIP URI</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Private</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p>After choosing the identifier, type in the identifier for which you want session data returned.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>
<b>Based on Device</b>
</p>
<p>Type in the Device Id for which you want session data returned.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>
<b>Based on IP</b>
</p>
<p>Type in the IPv4 or IPv6 address of the device for which you want session data returned. You must type in all the characters of the IP address prefix, the CIDR notation is not required. For IPv6 addresses, preceding zeros are suppressed and the longest sequence of consecutive all-zero fields in the prefix can be replaced by double-colons as is standard practice.</p>
<p>
<b>Note:</b> Queries based on IP address are only supported for IPCAN sessions.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>
<b>Based on Session Id </b>
</p>
<p>Select Session ID in the drop-down menu and type in the Session Id for the session that you want session data returned. </p>
</li>
<li>
<p>
<b>Based on Nchf Correlation Id </b>
</p>
<p>Select the Session ID radio button, then select Nchf Session in the drop-down menu and type in the Nchf Correlation Id for the session that you want session data returned. </p>
</li>
<li>
<p>
<b>Based on APN/DNN Name</b>
</p>
<p>Select APN/DNN Name in the drop-down menu and type in the APN/DNN Name for the APN/DNN emergency or IMS call that you want session data returned. </p>
</li>
</ul>
</section>
</conbody></concept>