<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id ="id9YZ-08540-UG05-PCZZA-d1e67362"><title>Overview</title><conbody>
<section>

<p>NCC supports the following audits:</p><ul>

<li>
<p>Stale session audit</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Device audit</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Unknown device handling audit</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Remote Origin State-ID (OSI) audit</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p>The NCC audit functionality manages the records and the sending of responses to notifications.
                The audits run at a regular interval, for example after every few seconds or 24
                hours a day to look forward for records with timestamps close to the current time. A
                record is created when the session record is created. The record timestamp is set,
                such that the session record is audited during the scheduled time, the day after
                tomorrow, when the session record is more than 24 hours old.</p>
<p>The audit time is a time in the audit window for the record as defined by the configurable audit start time and the audit window size. Calculations to decide when in the future the record is to be audited are done automatically, according to an algorithm, to ensure that the auditing task is run during off peak hours and not at random times or at peak times of system load. </p>
<p>When a record is first created, the timestamp is calculated. When a record indicates that the object should be audited, a notification is sent to begin the audit. When a record is audited and confirmed to still exist and is valid, the timestamp for the next audit is calculated. If the record indicates that the object does not exist or is not valid, it is deleted.</p>
<sectiondiv>
<p><b>Audits in geo-redundant deployments</b></p>
<p>It is expected that the audits run on the primary site; however, if the primary site is down, the
                    audit runs on the secondary site. NCC generates notifications for an audit event
                    on the primary under normal conditions, but will do so on the secondary if the
                    primary site for the record to be audited has been declared down.</p>
</sectiondiv>
</section>
</conbody></concept>