<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id ="id9YZ-08540-UG05-PCZZA-d1e67363"><title>Stale Session Audits</title><conbody>
<section>

<p>There is a separate audit for each session type (IP-CAN, AF, Rx, S9, and Sy). The audits run daily. Sessions are audited to make sure that the PCRF is not holding state in its database for a session that no longer exists on the device (PGW, AF, etc.) that requested the creation of the session. </p>
<p>A record is created when the session record is created. The record&#8217;s timestamp is set such that the session record will be audited during the scheduled time, the day after tomorrow, when the session record will be more than 24 hours old. </p>
<p>When the session record is audited and if the session record is to be deleted, the record is also deleted. If the session record continues to be needed, the record is updated with a new timestamp so that the session record will be audited again in approximately 24 hours. </p>
<p>The work for controlling, monitoring, and detecting stale sessions is continuously performed according to how you set the system preferences for the specific audits. Configuration of the system preferences is performed in the Global Configurations application.<table colsep="1" rowsep="1"><title>System Preference for stale sessions</title>


<tgroup cols="3">
<colspec colname="col1" />
<colspec colname="col2" />
<colspec colname="col3" />
<thead>
<row>
<entry>
<p>System Preference</p>
</entry>
<entry>
<p>Description</p>
</entry>
<entry>
<p>Options</p>
</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry>
IP-CAN Session Audit Start Time (seconds) 
</entry>
<entry>
For stale session audits, this audit run daily. Sessions are audited to make sure that the PCRF is not holding state in its database for a session that no longer exists on the device that requested the creation of the session. 
</entry>
<entry>
<p>Integer</p>
<p>The number of seconds after midnight that the daily auditing of the IP-CAN session should begin (for example, 2am = 2 * 60 * 60).</p>
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
IP-CAN Session Audit Length (seconds)
</entry>
<entry>
The amount of time in seconds that the audit will run (for example,  to run 90 minutes = 90* 60).
</entry>
<entry>
<p>Integer</p>
<p>(Minutes*60sec)</p>
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
IP-CAN Session Inactivity Duration (days)
</entry>
<entry>
The number of days old an IP-CAN session can be before it is considered &#8220;too old&#8221; and therefore eligible for auditing.
</entry>
<entry>
Integer
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
AF Session Audit Start Time (seconds) 
</entry>
<entry>
For stale session audits, this audit run daily. Sessions are audited to make sure that the PCRF is not holding state in its database for a session that no longer exists on the device that requested the creation of the session. 
</entry>
<entry>
<p>Integer</p>
<p>The number of seconds after midnight that the daily auditing of the AF session should begin (for example, 2am = 2 * 60 * 60)</p>
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
AF Session Audit Length (seconds)
</entry>
<entry>
The amount of time in seconds that the AF audit will run (for example,  90 minutes = 90* 60)
</entry>
<entry>
<p>Integer</p>
<p>(Minutes*60sec)</p>
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
AF Session Inactivity Duration (days)
</entry>
<entry>
The number of days old an AF session can be before it is considered &#8220;too old&#8221; and therefore eligible for auditing.
</entry>
<entry>
Integer
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
Sy Session Audit Start Time (seconds) 
</entry>
<entry>
For stale session audits, this audit run daily. Sessions are audited to make sure that the PCRF is not holding state in its database for a session that no longer exists on the device that requested the creation of the session. 
</entry>
<entry>
<p>Integer</p>
<p>The number of seconds after midnight that the daily auditing of the Sy session should begin (for example, 2am = 2 * 60 * 60)</p>
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
Sy Session Audit Length (seconds)
</entry>
<entry>
The amount of time in seconds that the Sy audit will run (for example,  90 minutes = 90* 60)
</entry>
<entry>
<p>Integer</p>
<p>(Minutes*60sec)</p>
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
Sy Session Inactivity Duration (days)
</entry>
<entry>
The number of days old an Sy session can be before it is considered &#8220;too old&#8221; and therefore eligible for auditing.
</entry>
<entry>
Integer
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
S9 Session Audit Start Time (seconds) 
</entry>
<entry>
For stale S9 session audits, this audit run daily. Sessions are audited to make sure that the PCRF is not holding state in its database for a session that no longer exists on the device that requested the creation of the session. 
</entry>
<entry>
<p>Integer</p>
<p>The number of seconds after midnight that the daily auditing of the S9 session should begin (for example, 2am = 2 * 60 * 60)</p>
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
S9 Session Audit Length (seconds)
</entry>
<entry>
The amount of time in seconds that the S9 audit will run (for example,  90 minutes = 90* 60)
</entry>
<entry>
<p>Integer</p>
<p>(Minutes*60sec)</p>
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
S9 Session Inactivity Duration (days)
</entry>
<entry>
The number of days old an S9 session can be before it is considered &#8220;too old&#8221; and therefore eligible for auditing.
</entry>
<entry>
Integer
</entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table></p>
</section>
</conbody></concept>