<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id ="id9YZ-08540-UG05-PCZZA-d1e8803"><title>Subscriber model</title><conbody>
<section>

<p>The Subscriber model consists of the following subscriber related objects:</p>
<sectiondiv>
<p><b>Device</b></p>
<p>A device is a physical UE attached to the network. The device entity is either a phone, SIM,
                    water, gas, or electricity meter. A device can have an unlimited number of
                    subscriptions associated with it for various types of usage. A device exists in
                    the NCC database after the device creation and is a part of subscriber model.
                    The device record contains an indicator of its type (for example, an Apple
                    Iphone or Samsung Galaxy S6) mapped to a database stored either internally or
                    externally. The device record contains the International Mobile Equipment
                    Identity (IMEI) for that type of device or some other device indicator.</p>
<p>The device has its own lifecycle that is primarily aimed at controlling the behavior of the device in the network allowing the device to be retained or deleted based on associated usage or timing.</p>
<note>

<p>It is not mandatory for a device to have a user configured as the device owner. The value of device owner remains null when not provided.</p>
</note>
<p>When a device entity sends an update request to NCC, then the provisioning module appends the
                    preconfigured attribute values and the following remaining attribute value:</p><ul>

<li>
<p>
<varname>creationTime</varname>
</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>
<varname>updateTime</varname>
</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>
<varname>state</varname>
</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>
<varname>ID</varname>
</p>
</li>
</ul>
</sectiondiv>
<sectiondiv>
<p><b>User</b></p>
<p>The user entity is defined as an individual who owns an account, group, or device and manages one or more accounts, groups, or devices. A user is given administrative privileges to manage a device, account, or group.</p>
<p>A user entity represented by a business, company, or person can be identified by one of the following identifier types:</p><ul>

<li>
<p>User ID</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Emails</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>an MSISDN</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Admin Group</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Facebook ID</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Phone numbers</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Name</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Last Name</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Account ID</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p>Each user entity is associated with a unique custom data. The custom data version is an
                    automatically generated integer value updated by the NCC application. This
                    version number is used as a reference to mark updates to an existing
                    configuration.</p>
<note>

<p>When a device or any other entity sends an update request to NCC, then the provisioning module
                        appends both pre-configured values and changed values of the following
                        attributes:</p><ul>

<li>
<p>
<varname>creationTime</varname>
</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>
<varname>updateTime</varname>
</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>
<varname>state</varname>
</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p>Although a user entity can be a device owner or a group owner but assigning an owner to a device or group is not mandatory. If a device or group is not assigned an owner, then the value remains null.</p>
</note>
<note>

<p>Each user entity requires an email address or contact number along with other configurable parameters to receive notifications for any changes made to the existing attribute value over emails or SMS. The first email address/contact number will receive the email or SMS notification.</p>
</note>
<p>The account represents an individual or billable entity. The account entity controls or owns the monetary and billing cycle elements of the services and provides payment for subscriptions. An account provides for:</p><ul>

<li>
<p>contact information for the account owner</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>billing cycle information for example: hour of day, day of week, and day of month attributes</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>a single monetary balance associated with the account</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>creation of a set of custom data that is unique to the account</p>
</li>
</ul>
</sectiondiv>
<sectiondiv>
<p><b>Account</b></p>
<p>When a device or any other entity sends an update request to NCC, the provisioning module appends
                    the preconfigured and the following remaining values of the attributes:</p><ul>

<li>
<p>
<varname>creationTime</varname>
</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>
<varname>updateTime</varname>
</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>
<varname>state</varname>
</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>
<varname>ID</varname>
</p>
</li>
</ul>
</sectiondiv>
<sectiondiv>
<p><b>Group</b></p>
<p>A group represents a set of one or more subscribers (as devices) or one or more groups and is uniquely identified by a name. That is, a group can have subscriptions associated to it (similar to a device), and have a list of devices who have membership to that group. It is possible for groups to have a hierarchy associated to them; for example, a group containing groups which contain devices.</p>
<p>A group contains the information about its child groups and devices. This helps to traverse top to bottom in hierarchy.</p>
<p>The general purpose of a group is to share a common set of resources or a service. Members of a group have access to the group&#8217;s associated services. To restrict access, capabilities and attributes have to be defined on how to control the access of shared resources.</p>
<p>The general purpose of nested groups is to provide a functionality of inheritance. Members of a group not only access services associated to the group, but also the services of group&#8217;s lineage (parent group, grandparent group, and so on).</p>
<p>When a device entity sends an update request to NCC, then the provisioning module appends the
                    preconfigured attribute values and the following remaining attribute value:</p><ul>

<li>
<p>
<varname>creationTime</varname>
</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>
<varname>updateTime</varname>
</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>
<varname>state</varname>
</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>
<varname>ID</varname>
</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p>See the section &#8220;<xref keyref="id9YZ-08540-UG05-PCZZA-external_spr"/> in this guide for
                    more information about how NCC-Policy and the external SPR work together to
                    accomplish provisioning of a device and user into the NCC system with all of the
                    necessary entity and lifecycle parameters.</p>
</sectiondiv>
</section>
</conbody></concept>