<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id ="id9YZ-08540-UG05-PCZZA-d1e181782"><title>Tracing in the SM GUI</title><conbody>
<section>

<p>Select the Message Tracing Profile tab to set up your message trace. Any profiles that have been previously configured are listed and available for editing in the first form that appears, along with a filter used to search existing profiles. </p>
<p>When you tap the plus sign in the top right hand corner, the configuration form appears. The following table describes the parameters to configure a message trace profile. </p>
<table colsep="1" rowsep="1">
<tgroup cols="3">
<colspec colname="col1" />
<colspec colname="col2" />
<colspec colname="col3" />
<thead>
<row>
<entry>
<p>Parameter</p>
</entry>
<entry>
<p>Description</p>
</entry>
<entry>
<p>Options</p>
</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry>
Profile Name
</entry>
<entry>
This is the name that you used to enable the Message Tracing plugin.
</entry>
<entry>
&#8212;
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
Description
</entry>
<entry>
A textual description of the profile.
</entry>
<entry>
&#8212;
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
Filter Groups
</entry>
<entry>
The name of filter group of the remote host.
</entry>
<entry>
Enter any string as the name of the filter group of the remote host, tap the Add Message Filter button, and tap the Expand All + button. A rule filter editor will appear.
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
name
</entry>
<entry>
The name of the filter.
</entry>
<entry>
Enter a name for the filter and tap the arrow to expand the rule filter editor.
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
Criteria-Criterion
</entry>
<entry>
Allows you to select a source context from one drop-down list and an attribute from the second drop-down list, which encompasses the criteria for the tracing operation.
</entry>
<entry>
<p>Tap the Add Criterion + button to expand the editor.</p>
<p>From the first drop-down list, select the required source context.</p>
<p>From the second drop-down list, select the required attribute.</p>
<p>Depending on your choice of criteria, there will be different value fields for which you must enter valid values for the criteria selected.</p>
<p>You can tap the Add Criterion button again to add another set of criteria, if required.</p>
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
Operator
</entry>
<entry>
Enter the operator in the third field.
</entry>
<entry>
<p>Depending on the criteria, the options are:</p><ul>

<li>
<p>Present</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Not Present</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Case sensitive equal</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Equal</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Not Equal</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Case sensitive not equal</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Contains</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Does not contain</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Match Pattern</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Does Not Match Pattern</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Case Insensitive Match Pattern</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Case Insensitive Does Not Match Pattern</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>In</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Not in</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Intersects</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Does Not Intersect</p>
</li>
</ul>
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
Actions-Action
</entry>
<entry>
Allows you to select a result context from one drop-down list and an attribute from the second drop-down list, which encompasses one action for the tracing operation.
</entry>
<entry>
<p>Tap the Add Action + button to expand the editor.</p>
<p>From the first drop-down list, select the required result context.</p>
<p>From the second drop-down list, select the required action.</p>
<p>The actions available are described under the sections Logging context and Diameter Logging context.</p>
<p>You can tap the Add Action + button to add another action, if required.</p>
<p>Depending on your choice of action, there will be different value fields for which you must enter valid values for the action selected.</p>
</entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
<p>The following table lists high-level information about the Logging and Diameter Logging context actions used when adding the rule constants. More information about these constants is available under <xref keyref="id9YZ-08540-UG05-PCZZA-logcon" /> and <xref keyref="id9YZ-08540-UG05-PCZZA-dialogcon" />.</p>
<table colsep="1" rowsep="1">
<tgroup cols="3">
<colspec colname="col1" />
<colspec colname="col2" />
<colspec colname="col3" />
<thead>
<row>
<entry>
<p>Constant</p>
</entry>
<entry>
<p>Description</p>
</entry>
<entry>
<p>Values</p>
</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry>
Loggers=
</entry>
<entry>
The logger name. 
</entry>
<entry> Type in the logger name. See the &#8220;Logging&#8221; chapter in the NCC Administration
                                Guide for information about the supported loggers. </entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
Level=
</entry>
<entry>
The logging level.
</entry>
<entry>
<p>Type in the level.</p>
<p>The following are supported:</p><ul>

<li>
<p>TRACE</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>DEBUG</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>INFO</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>WARNING</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>ERROR</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>FATAL</p>
</li>
</ul>
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
Format=
</entry>
<entry>
The format type
</entry>
<entry>
<p>Type in the Format type.</p>
<p>The following are supported:</p><ul>

<li>
<p>BASIC</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>BRIEF</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>DETAILED</p>
</li>
</ul>
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
Fields=
</entry>
<entry>
The field type.
</entry>
<entry>
<p>Type in the Field.</p>
<p>The following are supported:</p><ul>

<li>
<p>Basic</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>All</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>All-With-Attributes</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>All-AVPs</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>All-Attributes</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>All-Headers</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Header.Application-Id</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Header.Command</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Header.Flags</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Header.Client-Hop-by-Hop</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Header.Server-Hop-by-Hop</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Header.End-to-End</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Header.Reception-Address</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>&lt;AVP name from message context&gt;.Name</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>&lt;AVP name from message context&gt;.Path</p>
</li>
</ul>
</entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</section>
</conbody></concept>