<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id ="id9YZ-08540-UG05-PCZZA-d1e193722"><title>Overview</title><conbody>
<section>

<p>This section describes the parameters required to create an unknown subscriber template. Log into the SM GUI, navigate to <b>Subscriber Manager &gt; Unknown Subscriber</b> to configure the template.</p>
<note>

<p>Device is mandatory and account, subscription, group, user are optional entities to configure in template.</p>
</note>
<table colsep="1" pgwide="1" rowsep="1"><title>Template parameters</title>

<tgroup cols="3">
<colspec colname="col1" />
<colspec colname="col2" />
<colspec colname="COLSPEC0" />
<thead>
<row>
<entry>
<p>Parameter</p>
</entry>
<entry>
<p>Description</p>
</entry>
<entry>
<p>Mandatory/Optional</p>
</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry>
Template ID
</entry>
<entry>
An unique Id for the template.
</entry>
<entry>
Mandatory
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
Template Name
</entry>
<entry>
A name for the template.
</entry>
<entry>
Mandatory
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry nameend="col2" namest="col1">
<p>
<uicontrol>Sub-template</uicontrol>
</p>
<p>The sub-template consists of necessary attributes to create subscriptions.</p>
</entry>
<entry />
</row>
<row>
<entry>
Bundle Id
</entry>
<entry>
The Bundle to associate with the template. It cannot be blank.
</entry>
<entry>
<p>Mandatory if you click <uicontrol>ADD SUB TEMPLATES</uicontrol> option</p>
<p>Otherwise, it is Optional</p>
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
Account Id
</entry>
<entry>
<p>The account identifier to be associated with the template.</p>
<p>If this field is specified in the sub-template, then an account with the specified ID must exist in the system and it is used to create Subscriptions. If this value is not specified, then the account defined in the template is used.</p>
</entry>
<entry>
Optional
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
Fee Override
</entry>
<entry>
The fee for subscription.
</entry>
<entry>
Optional
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
Attach to Device
</entry>
<entry>
<p>The subscription is attached to the device.</p>
<p>Valid values: true, false</p>
</entry>
<entry>
<p>Mandatory if you click <uicontrol>ADD SUB TEMPLATES</uicontrol> option</p>
<p>Otherwise, it is Optional</p>
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
Attach to Group
</entry>
<entry>
<p>The subscription is attached to the group.</p>
<p>Valid values: true, false</p>
<p>
<b>Note:</b> Both <i>Attach to Device</i> and <i>Attach to Group</i> cannot be set to false.</p>
</entry>
<entry>
<p>Mandatory if you click <uicontrol>ADD SUB TEMPLATES</uicontrol> option</p>
<p>Otherwise, it is Optional</p>
</entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</section>
</conbody></concept>