<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id ="id9YZ-08540-UG05-PCZZA-d1e193726"><title>User</title><conbody>
<section>

<p>The operator can specify default attributes for user as mentioned in the following table. </p>
<p>If the user is specified in the template, then the user is added as the owner in the Device created during the unknown subscriber call and as an administrator in the group created during the unknown subscriber call. </p>
<table colsep="1" pgwide="1" rowsep="1"><title>User parameters</title>

<tgroup cols="3">
<colspec colname="col1" />
<colspec colname="col2" />
<colspec colname="COLSPEC4" />
<thead>
<row>
<entry>
<p>Parameter</p>
</entry>
<entry>
<p>Description</p>
</entry>
<entry>
<p>Mandatory/Optional</p>
</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry>
User ID
</entry>
<entry>
<p>This parameter indicates the unique ID associated with a user. </p>
<p>When no user ID is assigned, the NCC system assigns a unique UUID. If the User ID is specified,
                                    then the corresponding user must be available in the system.</p>
</entry>
<entry>
Optional
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
First Name
</entry>
<entry>
This parameter indicates the first name of the user.
</entry>
<entry>
Optional
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
Last Name
</entry>
<entry>
This parameter indicates the last name of the user.
</entry>
<entry>
Optional
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
Facebook ID
</entry>
<entry>
This parameter indicates the Facebook ID associated with the user.
</entry>
<entry>
Optional
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
Email ID
</entry>
<entry>
This parameter indicates the e-mail address of the user for notification purposes.
</entry>
<entry>
Optional
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry nameend="COLSPEC4" namest="col1">

<uicontrol>Associations</uicontrol>

</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
Notification Profile
</entry>
<entry>
This parameter indicates the notification profile ID for the user.
</entry>
<entry>
Optional
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
User Lifecycle
</entry>
<entry>
This parameter indicates the name of the user lifecycle you want to add for the user.
</entry>
<entry>
Mandatory
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry nameend="COLSPEC4" namest="col1">
<p>
<uicontrol>Custom Data</uicontrol>
</p>
<p>This enables to add custom data dictionary to the user.</p>
<p>Click <b>ADD CUSTOM DATA</b> to add custom data to the user.</p>
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
Key
</entry>
<entry>
This parameter indicates the name of a custom data pre-configured in the custom data dictionary.
</entry>
<entry>
Optional
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
Type
</entry>
<entry>
This parameter indicates the type that is not configurable and pre-configured in the custom data dictionary.
</entry>
<entry>
Optional
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
Value
</entry>
<entry>
This parameter indicates the value for the type configured.
</entry>
<entry>
Optional
</entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</section>
</conbody></concept>