<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
		<concept id="id9YZ-09018-UG00-PCZZA-d1e13155"><title>About the subscriber model </title><conbody>

<section><title>Purpose</title>

<p>The subscriber model is a module in SPS responsible for storing subscriber data in the database. The subscriber model includes geo-redundant storage of subscriber types of information, validation of the information being stored, and notification of changes to subscriber information. The subscriber model has provisions for users, accounts, groups and devices along with defined relationships that exist for their interactions.</p>
</section>
<section><title>Subscriber entities</title>

<p>Account entities, device  entities, user entities, and group entities are the subscribers in an SPS system. All subscriber provisioning operations may have an impact on the network, or have a need to be reflected on the network. It is important to keep in mind the distributed nature of the subscriber entities. In very large deployments, locality of users, devices, groups, accounts and service instances cannot be assumed. In a simple case, consider that not all devices in a very large group will reside on the same SPS cluster. For example, when adding a member to a group, it may be good practice to re-distribute the usage allocation across existing devices in the group.</p>
<p>See the Subscriber Manager Guide for more information about entity-relationships and the subscriber model.</p>
</section>
</conbody></concept>