<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="charging_application">
    <title>Charging application</title>
    <conbody>
        <p>This section provides the overview of  the Charging application. For more information
            about the Charging application, see <i>Charging User Guide</i> in the NCC documentation
            set. </p>
        <p>The Charging application allows for the charging and rating functions in NCC, and it does
            the following:</p>
        <ul id="ul_txy_b2w_nlb">
            <li>performs subscriber rating and charging</li>
            <li>enables service operators to control their offers and interactions with
                subscribers</li>
            <li>addresses the data market</li>
            <li>performs the role of a Charging Function (CHF)</li>
        </ul>
        <p>The Charging application uses Ro and Gy Diameter interfaces as native interfaces for
            charging, and for rating a session-based or event-based charging service.</p>
        <section id="section_ksz_l3w_nlb">
            <title>Charging application components</title>
            <p>The Charging application is composed of the following several modules that interact
                with each other.</p>
            <p><b>Call controller</b></p>
            <p>This module encodes and decodes the Diameter Credit-Control-Request (CCR) or
                Credit-Control-Answer (CCA) messages. This module interfaces with the rating engine
                for context generation and rating response processing. The following are the
                sub-modules of Call controller:</p>
            <ul id="ul_w2q_zhw_nlb">
                <li>
                    <p><b> Protocol specific controller</b></p>
                    <p>This controller is responsible for external protocols, such as Diameter
                        protocol, HTTP,  FTP, and SOAP.</p>
                </li>
                <li>
                    <p><b>Common Call controller</b></p>
                    <p>This controller contains the logic to be executed when an incoming Diameter
                        request is received. It interacts with the other modules of NCC charging
                        during the processing of a received request. It supports CCR/CCA, RAR/RAA
                        messages over Gy interface, and SLR/SLA, SNR/SNA messages over Sy
                        interface.</p>
                </li>
            </ul>
            <p><b>Subscriber model</b></p>
            <p>This module is responsible for managing the subscriber related information in the NCC
                database. </p>
            <p><b>Service model</b></p>
            <p>This module is responsible for managing the charging and rating entities in the NCC
                database such as bundles, tariffs and buckets.</p>
            <p><b>Session management</b></p>
            <p>This module is responsible for creating, updating and deleting call sessions from
                memory.</p>
            <p><b>Charging and rating engine</b></p>
            <p>This module is responsible for selecting a charging service (from the set of defined
                charging services in the system), as well as  rating and charging a call according
                to the definition of the selected charging service. </p>
            <p><b>Charging Data Record (CDR) generation framework</b></p>
            <p>This module is responsible for providing framework for generating application CDRs in
                Abstract Syntax Notation (ASN) format.</p>
        </section>
    </conbody>
</concept>
