<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
		<concept id="id9YZ-09018-UG00-PCZZA-d1e13448"><title>Charging service entity</title><conbody>

<section><title>Overview</title>

<p>The charging service is an encapsulation of resources, such as buckets and counters, and charges or rates. Charging service is the fundamental unit of service offered to subscribers. It defines the method and amount used to charge for a service consumed by the subscribers.</p>
<p>For example, a charging service is defined for a subscriber to apply a rate plan based on the subscriber location and time of day.</p>
<p>The given relations are associated with the sub-components of the charging service:</p><ul>

<li>
<p>A charging service can contain multiple tariff definitions or references.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>A charging service can contain zero or more bucket definitions.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>A charging service can contain zero or more counter definitions.</p>
</li>
</ul>
</section>
<section><title>Sorting mechanism for charging services</title>

<p>For charging a call, all the charging services accessible to the device are sorted based on the given criteria:</p><ol>

<li>
<p>Category consumption order</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Subscription index</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Hierarchy order defined (top-down or bottom-up)</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Charging service priority</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Charging service instance creation date</p>
</li>
</ol>
<note>

<p>If the values of all the listed criteria are same, then the criteria that comes first is used for sorting the charging services.</p>
</note>
</section>
</conbody></concept>