<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="containerized_network_function">
    <title>NCC containerized network functions</title>
    <conbody>
        <p>The NCC supports three containerized network functions (CNFs) – Service Manager (SM),
            Managed Element (ME), and Integrated SM and ME (IG). </p>
        <p>The SM CNF hosts the Service Manager application, which is used for API access,
            provisioning, data access, and access to various interfaces of external systems. </p>
        <p>The ME CNF hosts the Charging application, which provides all the business logic for the
            charging function in NCC.</p>
        <p>The Integrated SM and ME CNF groups all the functionality of SM and ME within a single
            CNF. The IG solution delivers the smallest overall footprint since both ME and SM
            functions are able to share the same set of common containers</p>
        <section id="SMcomp">
            <title>Service Manager CNF</title>
            <p>The centralized Service Manager CNF manages all the MEs in the network. SM is a
                highly scalable front-end access to the network of NCC CNFs. It hosts all GUI,
                provisioning, and external API access. SM runs in an active-active deployment with
                data replication between the SMs. SM provisions and is aware of the location of all
                subscriber or device records. SM contains the subscriber location data, but not the
                actual records themselves. Configuration management of NCC must go through SM.
                Direct interaction with MEs for configuration management is not available.</p>
            <note>
                <p>While SM provides active/active operation with data replication between the two
                    SMs, Nokia recommends that back-to-back transactions for the same
                    subscriber/device or set of devices within a particular group are all sent to
                    the same SM to avoid race conditions with data replication.</p>
            </note>
        </section>
        <section id="section_acn_5tx_llb">
            <title>Managed Element CNF</title>
            <p>The Managed Element CNF provides the charging function in NCC. ME includes the
                Charging application and the database for managing all subscriber and device
                records, including the dynamic data updated as a result of charging transactions. ME
                produces charging data records (CDRs) to record the details of all transactions.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="section_fss_ztx_llb">
            <title>Integrated SM and ME CNF</title>
            <p>One way to reduce the overall NCC footprint in an operator network is to deploy an
                integrated SM and ME CNF, rather than two separate and independent CNFs. The SM and
                ME provide very different network functions, however, the underlying infrastructure
                for those two functions share a common foundation. By deploying both SM and ME
                together on a single platform infrastructure, the overall footprint is reduced.</p>
        </section>
    </conbody>
</concept>
