<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="deployment_options">
    <title>Deployment options</title>
    <conbody>
        <p>Every NCC network deployment includes a pair of SMs. This pair runs in active/active mode
            with real-time data replication between them. </p>
        <note>Although the SMs are active/active, Nokia recommends that back-to-back transactions
            for the same subscriber/device or set of devices within a particular group, are all sent
            to the same SM to avoid race conditions with the data replication.</note>
        <p>Data replication between SMs is provided by the database vendor’s native feature set. The
            majority of SM data is in the Aerospike DB, which leverages XDR for data replication
            between sites. The data used by Keycloak for authentication is stored in Maria DB and
            replicated using Maria DB native capabilities.</p>
        <section id="section_tbc_41x_nlb">
            <title>Separate SM and ME</title>
            <p>Some operators might prefer this model as providing more independence of scaling and
                fault tolerance between the SM and ME functions. SMs and MEs could be deployed in
                different cities and data centers or could be deployed independently into a common
                data center. For example, if an operator has four regions of MEs, they might choose
                to deploy an SM into two of those four regions, in the same data center as an ME in
                that region. And potentially into the same Kubernetes cluster in that data center.
                NCC CNF enables this option by supporting configurable namespaces and
                non-conflicting port assignments.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="section_xj1_51x_nlb">
            <title><b>Integrated SM and ME</b></title>
            <p>Given that the SM and ME share much of the same software infrastructure and use many
                common microservices, NCC supports an option to deploy a single CNF that includes
                both the SM and ME services. This reduces the overall NCC network footprint by
                leveraging common services, rather than duplicating them in separate SM and MEs. </p>
            <p>From a functional call flow perspective, SMs are treated as separate entities
                compared to MEs, regardless of whether they are deployed in separate CNFs or in an
                integrated CNF.</p>
        </section>
    </conbody>
</concept>
