<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="deployment_environments">
    <title>Deployment environments</title>
    <conbody>
        <p>NCC CNF is installed with several Helm charts managing its set of container types. All of
            these Helm charts can be configured to deploy into a single namespace for the entire NCC
            CNF. Operators can configure this namespace.</p>
        <p>An operator might choose to deploy their ME pairs in strategic locations throughout their
            network. Then for the two SMs, they might decide to deploy an SM into one of the sites
            already selected to also deploy an ME. For the SM and ME to both exist in that same
            Kubernetes cluster, they must be configured with separate namespaces (and
            non-conflicting ports) to ensure both CNFs can co-exist seamless without conflict. For
            more information, see <i>CNF Installation and Update Guide</i> in the NCC documentation
            set.</p>
        <p>The exception is if the SM and ME are deployed as an Integrated CNF, with both functions
            combined into that single CNF. In that case, the entire CNF, including both SM, ME, and
            common pods, resides in a single namespace.</p>
        <p>The initial NCC CNF version is targeted for deployment into an operator's existing
            Kubernetes environment. The operator provides various infrastructure components such as
            Kubernetes, service mesh, various telemetry components, interfaces to northbound OSS,
            and so on. NCC follows standard best practices and is therefore generic and flexible by
            nature and in future versions it will be certified for deployment in a wide variety of
            environments.</p>
    </conbody>
</concept>
