<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
		<concept id="id9YZ-09018-UG00-PCZZA-d1e13275"><title>Group entity</title><conbody>

<section><title>Group</title>

<p>A group represents a set of one or more subscribers (as devices) or one or more groups and is uniquely identified by a name. That is, a group can have subscriptions associated to it (similar to a device), and have a list of devices who have membership to that group. It is possible for groups to have a hierarchy associated to them; for example, a group containing groups which contain devices.</p>
<p>A group contains the information about its child groups and devices. This helps to traverse top to bottom in hierarchy. </p>
<p>The general purpose of a group is to share a common set of resources or a service. Members of a group have access to the group’s associated services. To control that access, capabilities and attributes must be provided to define the control of accessing the shared resource. </p>
<p>The general purpose of nested groups is to provide a functionality of inheritance. Members of a group not only access services associated to the group, but also the services of group’s lineage (parent group, grandparent group, and so on). </p>
</section>
<section><title>Group associations and hierarchy</title>

<p>Groups can contain (membership) a large number of devices or other groups in a hierarchy to provide for more efficient provisioning when assigning services and when quota redistribution is necessary within a group. A device can belong to more than one group. The same is true for groups as they can be members of more than one higher-level group. Groups can be used for family plans, multi-device plans (including M2M), or prepaid and online postpaid plans.</p>
</section>
</conbody></concept>