<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
		<concept id="id9YZ-09018-UG00-PCZZA-d1e11184">
    <title>GUI elements</title>
    <conbody>
        <p>This section describes the elements of the SM GUI.</p>
        <section>
            <title>Log in and log out of the SM GUI</title>
            <p>To log into the SM GUI, open the web browser and enter <i>https://&lt;virtual IP
                    address of IOHO&gt;/servicemanager</i> in the address bar. Then enter the
                username and password to access the SM GUI.</p>
            <note>
                <p>The credentials to access the SM GUI are shared over email when a new user is
                    created.</p>
            </note>
        </section>
        <section>
            <title>Launch pad</title>
            <p>Once a user logs into the SM GUI, the Launch Pad is displayed that provides various
                options. You can select the desired category under which all the entities belonging
                to that particular category are available.</p>
            <table pgwide="1" colsep="1" rowsep="1"> 
                <title>Categories available on the SM GUI</title>
                <tgroup cols="2">
                    <colspec colname="col1"/>
                    <colspec colname="col2"/>
                    <thead>
                        <row>
                            <entry>
                                Category
                            </entry>
                            <entry>
                                Description
                            </entry>
                        </row>
                    </thead>
                    <tbody>
                        <row>
                            <entry> Policy &amp; Charging Configuration </entry>
                            <entry>
                                <p>Allows you to provision the entities related to charging and
                                    policy such as charging services, rates, lifecycles, thresholds,
                                    rule system versions and those items that are common to both
                                    charging and policy.</p>
                                <p>The Policy and Charging application data is available in the
                                    Policy User Guide and the Charging User Guide respectively.</p>
                                <p>For more, see <!--xref URI: #PCcommonconfig--><xref
                                        keyref="id9YZ-09018-UG00-PCZZA-PCcommonconfig"/>
                                </p>
                            </entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry> Subscriber Manager </entry>
                            <entry>
                                <p>Allows you to provision the entities related to the subscriber
                                    model such as device, user, group, account, custom data,
                                    sessions, and message tracing.</p>
                                <p>The Subscriber Manager application data is available in the
                                    Subscriber Manager Guide.</p>
                            </entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry> Notification Management </entry>
                            <entry>
                                <p>Allows you to provision the entities related to the notification
                                    service such as server configurations, notification profiles and
                                    notification templates.</p>
                                <p>The Notification Configuration application data is available in
                                    the Notification Service (NS) User’s Guide.</p>
                            </entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry> Diameter Configuration </entry>
                            <entry>
                                <p>Allows you to provision the entities related to Diameter such as
                                    peers, routes, throttling profile, overload and message
                                    manipulation.</p>
                                <p>The Diameter Configuration application data is available in the
                                    Diameter Configuration Guide.</p>
                                <p>For more, see <!--xref URI: #Diamconfig--><xref
                                        keyref="id9YZ-09018-UG00-PCZZA-Diamconfig"/>
                                </p>
                            </entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry> Global Configuration </entry>
                            <entry>
                                <p>Allows you to provision the service manager settings such as a
                                    managed element list, operator and role administration, and
                                    application preferences.</p>
                                <p>The Global Configuration application is available in the Global
                                    Configuration Guide.</p>
                                <p>For more, see <!--xref URI: #globconfig--><xref
                                        keyref="id9YZ-09018-UG00-PCZZA-globconfig"/>.</p>
                            </entry>
                        </row>
                    </tbody>
                </tgroup>
            </table>
        </section>
    </conbody>
</concept>