<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
		<concept id="id9YZ-09018-UG00-PCZZA-d1e14381"><title>Mapping tables entity</title><conbody>

<section><title>Overview</title>

<p>The mapping tables enables to create read-only complex and simple mapping tables as ordered lists of keys mapped to ordered lists of values. A mapping provides a lookup that can have multiple input fields (keys) and multiple output fields.</p>
<note>

<p>A user can have a single key and output field to produce a simple mapping using the same tools as mentioned in the <uicontrol>Mapping Tables</uicontrol> menu.</p>
</note>
<p>A mapping table defines the input key fields (what it is mapping from), and the output fields (what it is mapping to). The number of input and output fields, and their respective types are assigned by the user. The meaning of the keys and values are customer specific and the meaning of each field is defined using rules. Each call on the mapping tables performs one or more lookups in various tables. The values in one table, can be keys into another table, so tables can be interdependent (one-way).</p>
<p>The SPS supports large list/group mappings that can be used in rules to provide lookups in policy and charging. The mappings are independent of the rules themselves. When data is added to a map, all of the input and output fields must be provided so that when a lookup is done into a map, only an exact match of all input fields (keys) is found. The keys and the combinations of keys in each row must be unique. Multiple entries in complex mapping tables cannot have the same key value.</p>
<p>Multiple entries in the complex map do not have the same key value(s). There can only be one row with the same key values. The row successfully added at the end, with a specific set of keys, is the set of values returned. If you try to add the same row again, it is either blocked or overwrites the pervious row.</p>
</section>
</conbody></concept>