<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="SPS_CDR_Streams_Stream_Overview_cg_distributor_node">
<title>CG Distributor Node</title>
<body>
                
                <p>CG Distributor Node is used for distributing CDR files to a local or remote
                    directory. The directory is created automatically if it does not already exist
                    when a file is distributed to that location.</p>
                <p>CG Distributor Node first distributes the file with a temporary suffix, so it can
                    be distinguished from completely distributed files. The temporary suffix points
                    to the corresponding batch in the database.</p>
                <p>Once the file has been fully stored in the target location, CG Distributor Node
                    verifies that the batch is still in the database. If the batch has been removed
                    from the database, it means that it must have been distributed by some other
                    Output stream in the meantime. In that case, the distributor removes the
                    distributed file with the temporary suffix from the target location. If, on the
                    other hand, the batch is still in the database when the output file has been
                    fully sent to the target location, the distributor removes the temporary suffix
                    from the sent file, marking it as fully distributed, removes the batch and its
                    output records from the database and releases the batch processing lock.</p>
            </body>
</topic>