<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="SPS_CDR_Streams_Stream_Overview_asn.1_encoder_node">
<title>ASN.1 Encoder Node</title>
<body>
                
                <p>ASN.1 Encoder Node converts the batch of output records into a file in given
                    ASN.1 format. By default, NCC generic ASN.1 schema is used:</p>
        <codeblock>--GenericRecord
GenericRecordTypes
DEFINITIONS IMPLICIT TAGS ::=
BEGIN
GenericRecord ::= SET
{
recordType [0] OCTET STRING,
recordElements [1] SEQUENCE OF RecordElement OPTIONAL,
recordExtensions [2] SEQUENCE OF GenericRecordExtension OPTIONAL
}
GenericRecordExtension ::= SEQUENCE
{
recordProperty [0] OCTET STRING OPTIONAL,
recordElements [1] SEQUENCE OF RecordElement OPTIONAL,
recordSubExtensions [2] SEQUENCE OF GenericRecordExtension OPTIONAL
}
RecordElement ::= SEQUENCE
{
varName [0] OCTET STRING OPTIONAL,
varValue [1] OCTET STRING OPTIONAL
}
END</codeblock>
                <p>The ASN.1 file format conforms to the CDR file format specified in 3GPP TS
            32.297. Each file has a file header, and each record a CDR header. A file usually
            contains multiple CDRs or EDRs.</p>
                <p>ASN.1 Encoder Node can use the metadata of the batch (for example, creation time
            and sequence number) when deciding the output file name. </p>
        <section id="section_rvv_xf5_cmb">
            <title>Rejected data storage</title>
            <p>ASN.1 Encoder Node can reject records if there is a problem in encoding them in the
                given ASN.1 schema. If the node rejects a record, the record is stored in Data
                Refinery Rejected Data storage area called DEFAULT. This area can be inspected at
                any time, and the records can be reprocessed either manually or via a schedule,
                while other options include taking the records offline or removing them. For more
                details, see Data Refinery documentation.</p>
        </section>
            </body>
</topic>