<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="SPS_CDR_Streams_Stream_Overview_pausing_all_kafka_collection">
<title>Pausing all input collection</title>
<body>
                
    <p>NCC CDR streams accept incoming messages from two channels: Kafka input stream accepts them
            from Apache Kafka Broker, and in the Reprocessor stream, CG Rejection Collector Node
            fetches rejected records from the remote server. To protect the system from becoming
            overloaded, the following three system properties can be monitored by setting thresholds
            for them:</p>
        <ul id="ul_psk_3j5_cmb">
            <li><b>Database usage:</b> This is the size of the used database storage as percentage
                of the maximum database size limit. The thresholds for database usage are defined in
                the node parameters of CG Kafka Node and CG Rejection Collector Node.</li>
            <li><b>Business logic stream queue size:</b> This is the size of the processing batch
                queue between Kafka input stream and Business logic stream. The thresholds for
                Business logic stream queue size are defined in the node parameters of CG Kafka Node
                and CG Rejection Collector Node.</li>
            <li><b>Output stream queue size:</b> This is the size of the processing batch queue
                between Business logic stream and Output stream. The thresholds for Output stream
                queue size are defined in the node parameters of CG Mapper Node.</li>
        </ul>
                <p>There are three threshold levels that can be defined for each system property –
                    high, low and clear. If a system property exceeds its low threshold value, an
                    alert is sent to indicate that the given property is overloaded. After that, if
                    the value falls below the clear threshold, an information message is sent out to
                    indicate that the given property value is back to normal again.</p>
                <p>If any of the three properties exceeds its high threshold, CG Kafka node pauses
            the polling for new messages from the Kafka egress topic and the Reprocessor stream
            stops collecting files from the remote server. An alert is sent to indicate that full
            rejection is in effect. After that, if all three properties fall below their low
            thresholds, full rejection is stopped, CG Kafka node resumes polling for new messages,
            Reprocessor stream resumes file collection, and an information message is sent out.</p>
                <p>The following table describes the threshold levels that can be set to monitor
            database usage, Business logic stream queue size and Output stream queue size.</p>
        <table frame="all" rowsep="1" colsep="1" id="table_xdm_nj5_cmb">
            <title>Overload protection threshold levels</title>
            <tgroup cols="3">
                <colspec colname="c1" colnum="1" colwidth="1*"/>
                <colspec colname="c2" colnum="2" colwidth="2.71*"/>
                <colspec colname="c3" colnum="3" colwidth="3.17*"/>
                <thead>
                    <row>
                        <entry>Threshold level</entry>
                        <entry>Action when defined properties reach threshold</entry>
                        <entry>Action when defined properties are back to below threshold</entry>
                    </row>
                </thead>
                <tbody>
                    <row>
                        <entry>Clear</entry>
                        <entry>-</entry>
                        <entry>Clears the alert for an individual property if sent.</entry>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry>Low</entry>
                        <entry>Raises the alert for an individual property.</entry>
                        <entry>
                            <p>Kafka inoput streams resume polling messages from the Apache Kafka
                                topic, Reprocessor stream resumes file collection.</p>
                            <p>Clears the alert for full rejection when all monitored properties are
                                under their low thresholds.</p>
                        </entry>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry>High</entry>
                        <entry>
                            <p>Pauses from polling messages from the Apache Kafka topic.</p>
                            <p>Raises an alert (full rejection) if at least one property to monitor
                                is above its high threshold.</p>
                        </entry>
                        <entry>-</entry>
                    </row>
                </tbody>
            </tgroup>
        </table>
            </body>
</topic>