<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="overview_0">
    <title>Overview</title>
    <conbody>
        <p>The Service Manager (SM) provides services in an NCC network deployment to manage the
            network of MEs that provide the charging and other call-processing functions. The SM
            provides the entry point for external interfaces for GUI access and API gateway access
            for various sorts of operator IT systems and for mobile applications.</p>
        <p>The SM is built on the same software infrastructure as the MEs. The primary differences
            are in the business logic in <i>servicemanager</i> pod on the SM, compared to
                <i>charging</i> pod on the ME, and any additional services to support each of those
            two applications. This shared foundation allows the SM to benefit from the same
            cloud-native architecture, and provides horizontal scalability and high performance in
            the SM.</p>
        <p>All provisioning goes through the SM, whether through its GUI or its APIs. The SM manages
            and maintains a mapping of which subscribers/devices are homed on which MEs in the
            network as primary and secondary. The actual subscriber/device records are stored only
            on the MEs.</p>
        <p>The SM GUI can be accessed using the Google Chrome, Mozilla Firefox, or Microsoft Edge
            web browser on the Windows platform.</p>
    </conbody>
</concept>
