<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="provisioning_workflow">
    <title>Provisioning workflow</title>
    <conbody>
        <p>All NCC provisioning is done using the SM, whether it is through the GUI or through the
            APIs. SM manages the mapping of which subscribers/devices are homed on which MEs, based
            on various algorithms. This includes keeping groups together on the same ME (except for
            large enterprises), a least-loaded ME algorithm for new subscriber groups.</p>
        <p>SM interacts with the MEs through SOAP messages to perform the following tasks: </p>
        <ul id="ul_qkk_1fx_nlb">
            <li>Accept and process the provisioning requests from customers’ upstream CRM
                    systems.<note>Note: SM does not prevent the upstream system from provisioning to
                    either of the SMs in a system; however, data conflicts are possible if related
                    APIs are sent to opposite SMs. Nokia recommends that you send related operations
                    to the same SM.</note></li>
            <li>Perform the SM GUI actions through the SM REST API gateway.</li>
            <li>Accept and process the SOAP provisioning requests that include actions for service
                data, subscriber data, and subscription data. Charging is responsible for
                implementing the requests including execution of any business logic that might be
                required.</li>
        </ul>
        <p>The following are the actions associated with the service data:</p>
        <ul id="ul_skk_1fx_nlb">
            <li>An operator creates data and associates it with MEs.</li>
            <li>SM maintains master copy locally and distributes data to MEs.</li>
            <li>Any further data updates are distributed automatically to the associated ME list,
                whenever an update is done on SM.</li>
        </ul>
        <p>The following are the actions associated with the subscriber or subscription data:</p>
        <ul id="ul_tkk_1fx_nlb">
            <li>A user creates the data and associates with an ME, or SM employs algorithms to
                choose an optimal host.</li>
            <li>SM provides the conduit for data to create, read, update and delete, but maintains
                locally only the ME location of the data.</li>
        </ul>
        <p>The following are the actions associated with SM when it acts as an API gateway:</p>
        <ul id="ul_ukk_1fx_nlb">
            <li>SM provides methods for subscriber provisioning.</li>
            <li>SM determines the NCC node and proxies the request.</li>
        </ul>
        <p>For more information about the SM GUI, provisioning, and data distribution, see the
            respective NCC CNF guides.</p>
    </conbody>
</concept>
