<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
		<concept id="id9YZ-09018-UG00-PCZZA-d1e18612" ><title>Result Context</title><conbody>

<section><title>Overview</title>

<p>A ResultContext is a collection of result attributes produced by running the RuleSet through the rules engine. The rule engine places the results into the appropriate result context based on the description provided by the action attribute's description. All the results are provided into an object called a PolicyDecisionResult, which has a set of ResultContexts. See the ResultContextType.java for a list of possible ResultContexts. The application code will need to look in the appropriate result context for the action attributes it needs to operate on. </p>
<p>You configure the Action Attribute for the rule by determining the Result Context Type and attribute name. </p>
</section>
<section><title>Diameter Answer result context for common usage</title>

<p>The Diameter Answer context encapsulates the common AVPs that any Diameter response can contain. In the case of an incoming Diameter Answer message, the rule engine is invoked twice. It is invoked the first time to execute the generic Diameter Answer rule set, which allows rules to be written that apply to many or all answer types. For example, if you wanted to change the value of the origin-host AVP for all answer message types, you would write the rule in the Diameter Answer rule set. </p>
<p>After the rule engine has been invoked for the answer rule set, it is invoked a second time for the specific message type rule set. For example, when the rule engine processes a Gx CCA message type, the generic Diameter Answer rule set is executed the first time the rule engine is invoked. The application message-specific Gx CCA rule set is executed during the second invocation.</p>
</section>
<section><title>Result contexts for SPS-Charging</title>

<p>The following describes the result contexts for SPS-Charging.</p>
<table colsep="1" rowsep="1">
<tgroup cols="2">
<colspec colname="col1"/>
<colspec colname="col2"/>
<thead>
<row>
<entry>
Result Context
</entry>
<entry>
Description
</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry>
Call_Result
</entry>
<entry>
Holds the actions available  to access and set zoning, roaming, callSubType, direct debit failure handling, and credit control failure handling.
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
Rule_Table
</entry>
<entry>
Holds the actions available  to access and set specific rule groups.
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
System
</entry>
<entry>
Holds the actions available  to access and set system attributes.
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
Threshold
</entry>
<entry>
Holds the actions available  to access and set threshold attributes.
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
Notification
</entry>
<entry>
Holds the actions available  to access and set notification attributes
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
Rating
</entry>
<entry>
Holds the actions available  to access and set rating attributes.
</entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</section>
<section><title>Result contexts  for SPS-Policy</title>

<p>The following describes the result contexts for SPS-Policy.</p>
<table colsep="1" rowsep="1">
<tgroup cols="2">
<colspec colname="col1"/>
<colspec colname="col2"/>
<thead>
<row>
<entry>
Result Context
</entry>
<entry>
Description
</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry>
Notification 
</entry>
<entry>
Holds the actions available to set the notification variables.
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
SPR Subscriber
</entry>
<entry>
Holds the actions available to the device.
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
DSC
</entry>
<entry>
Holds the actions that control the behavior of the SPS-Policy rules engine.
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
System
</entry>
<entry>
Holds the actions available to access and set system attributes.
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
Variables
</entry>
<entry>
Holds the actions available to access and set existing variables by name-value-pair.
</entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</section>
</conbody></concept>
