<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="rule_system_versioning">
    <title>Rule System Versioning</title>
    <conbody>
        <p>All rule groups and variables are part of a container called a Rule System Version (RSV).
            The RSV container supports rule operations such as rule or variable authoring, cloning,
            exporting, and importing. This is essential for the purpose of the rule logic being
            modified. An RSV is created on the Service Manager and then the entire RSV is
            distributed to the Managed Elements (MEs). </p>
        <p>When an RSV is activated, all rule groups that belong to the rule system version are
            evaluated and the rules can be executed by the Rule Engine as triggered in an order of
            precedence. </p>
        <p>The NCC supports the export and import of the entire rule system version, with its
            associated policies, profiles, rules, and templates between NCC systems running the same
            version.</p>
        <p>A read-only Default RSV is created automatically when the NCC is started for the first
            time after installation. The Default RSV contains all of the triggers and rule groups
            that are required for the startup of an NCC and appears in the GUI in the Active
            state.</p>
        <p>Any of the Draft versions or Release versions can be deleted. An Active rule system
            version cannot be modified or deleted. </p>
        <p>The general workflow for the RSV is:</p>
        <ul id="ul_dtn_nqs_4lb">
            <li>
                <p>Create or modify rules in a Draft version.</p>
            </li>
            <li>
                <p>Change the Draft version to a Release or an Active version.</p>
                <p>All rules attribute dictionaries, provisioned/predefined rules, notification
                    templates, rule variables, and notification server configurations are loaded
                    when a version is promoted to the Active version.</p>
            </li>
            <li>
                <p>If necessary, change the Release version to the Active version; all rules
                    attribute dictionaries, provisioned/ predefined rules, notification templates,
                    rule variables, and notification server configurations are loaded when a version
                    is promoted to the Active version.</p>
            </li>
            <li>
                <p>Provision and activate the RSV on each geo-redundantly related ME, as
                    necessary.</p>
            </li>
            <li>
                <p>Create subsequent versions as Draft versions and change the versions as
                    required.</p>
            </li>
        </ul>
        <p>Only one rule system version can be in an Active state at any time. When a Release
            version is promoted to the Active state, the last Active version is automatically
            demoted to a Release state.</p>
        <p>For more information about RSVs and provisioning rules and variables, see <i>CNF
            Operations, Administration, and Maintenance Guide</i> in the NCC documentation
            set.</p>
    </conbody>
</concept>
