<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
		<concept id="id9YZ-09018-UG00-PCZZA-d1e11452">
    <title>Overview</title>
    <conbody>
        <section>
            <title>SM tasks</title>
            <p>SM interacts with the SPS MEs through SOAP messages to perform the following
                tasks:</p>
            <ul>
                <li>
                    <p>Accept and process the provisioning requests from customers’ upstream CRM
                        systems.</p>
                    <p>
                        <b>Note:</b> SM does not prevent the upstream system from provisioning to
                        either of the SMs in a system; however, data conflicts are possible if
                        related APIs are sent to opposite SMs. Nokia recommends that you send
                        related operations to the same SM.</p>
                </li>
                <li>
                    <p>Perform the SM GUI actions through the SM REST API gateway.</p>
                </li>
                <li>
                    <p>Accept and process the SOAP provisioning requests that include actions for
                        service data, subscriber data, and subscription data. Charging is
                        responsible for implementing the requests including execution of any
                        business logic that might be required.</p>
                </li>
            </ul>
            <p>Following are the actions associated with the service data:</p>
            <ul>
                <li>
                    <p>An operator creates data and associates it with the MEs.</p>
                </li>
                <li>
                    <p>SM maintains master copy locally, and distributes data to MEs.</p>
                </li>
                <li>
                    <p>Any further data updates are distributed automatically to the associated ME
                        list, whenever an update is done on SM</p>
                </li>
            </ul>
            <p>Following are the actions associated with the subscriber or subscription data:</p>
            <ul>
                <li>
                    <p>A user creates the data and associates with an ME, or SM employs algorithms
                        to choose an optimal host.</p>
                </li>
                <li>
                    <p>SM provides the conduit for data to create, read, update and delete, but
                        maintains locally only the SPS node location of the data.</p>
                </li>
            </ul>
            <p>Following are the actions associated with SM when it acts as an API gateway:</p>
            <ul>
                <li>
                    <p>SM provides methods for subscriber provisioning.</p>
                </li>
                <li>
                    <p>SM determines the SPS node and proxies the request.</p>
                </li>
            </ul>
        </section>
    </conbody>
</concept>