<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="id9YZ-09018-UG00-PCZZA-d1e1415">
    <title>Deployment models</title>
    <conbody>
        <p>NCC CNF is deployed in the network as one pair of Service Managers (SM) and one or more
            pairs of Managed Elements (MEs). A pair of MEs are active/active from the network
            perspective, with one-half of their subscribers being active on one ME and secondary on
            the other ME, and the other half of the subscribers being reversed. NCC CNF pairs are
            deployed in two geographically diverse sites. In addition to SM and ME being separate,
            NCC CNF can also be deployed with IG.</p>
        <p>For more information about field deployments of NCC CNF, see <i>CNF Installation and
            Update Guide</i> in the NCC documentation set.</p>
        <section id="section_u1l_wq5_klb">
            <title>ME deployment models</title>
            <p>The following are variations of  ME deployment models.</p>
            <ul id="ul_a4x_1q5_klb">
                <li>
                    <p><b>Independent ME pairs</b> In this model, each ME pair is independent from
                        the other pairs. Received traffic is either processed locally or site-routed
                        to the other ME in the pair (or is rejected). There is no NCC site-routing
                        to an ME outside of this pair. The operator's network must perform routing
                        to ensure that a particular message arrives to the correct ME pair, if that
                        is required.</p>
                </li>
                <li><b>Networked ME pairs</b> In this model, all MEs can communicate with each other
                    and know which subscribers are homed on any of the MEs in the network. When a
                    message arrives at an ME, if the subscriber is not homed on this local ME, then
                    this ME can site-route this message to the home ME anywhere in the network, not
                    limited to just the other ME in this pair.</li>
            </ul>
        </section>
        <section id="section_xzs_1bb_llb">
            <title>Integrated SM and ME </title>
            <p>The model when NCC is deployed with separate SM and ME might yield more independent
                scaling and fault tolerance between the SM and ME functions, but it results in a
                larger footprint. As another option, NCC CNF can be deployed with the SM
                microservices integrated into the same Kubernetes cluster/namespace as the ME
                microservices, which yields a reduced overall footprint due to sharing of common
                services. </p>
            <p>The following are the variations of integrated SM and ME:</p>
            <ul id="ul_onn_dq5_klb">
                <li>
                    <p><b>Integrated SM and ME</b> Small deployments with an SM pair and a single ME
                        pair might further optimize the deployment footprint by combining an SM and
                        ME into a single system. While adding SM into an ME requires some extra
                        containers for components such as the SM application, the overall footprint
                        is reduced due to a sharing of some common services such as database, Kafka,
                        BTEL infrastructure, and so on.</p>
                </li>
                <li><b>Integrated SM and ME with additional ME pairs</b> In a future version,
                    network operators will be able to grow additional MEs into their network
                    deployment. </li>
            </ul>
        </section>
    </conbody>
</concept>
