<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="id9YZ-09018-UG00-PCZZA-d1e1087">
    <title>SPS containerized network functions</title>
    <conbody>
        <section>
            <title>Overview</title>
            <p>The SPS supports three containerized network functions (CNFs) – an SM, an ME, and an
                Integrated SM/ME (IG). </p>
            <p>The Service Manager (SM) CNF hosts SM application that is used for API access,
                provisioning, data access, and access to various interfaces of external systems. </p>
            <p>The Managed Element (ME) CNF hosts Charging application.</p>
            <p>The IG CNF groups all the functionality of SM and ME within a single CNF. The IG
                solution delivers the smallest overall footprint since both ME and SM functions are
                able to share the same set of common containers</p>
        </section>
        <section id="SMcomp">
            <title>Service Manager CNF</title>
            <p>A centralized Service Manager CNF (SM) manages all the SPS Managed Elements in the
                network. SM is a highly scalable front-end access to the network of SPS sites. It
                hosts all GUI, provisioning, and external API access. SM runs in an active-active
                deployment with data replication between the SMs. SM provisions and is aware of the
                location of all subscriber or device records. SM contains the subscriber location
                data, but not the actual records themselves.</p>
            <p>Configuration management of SPS must go through SM. Direct interaction with SPS
                Managed Elements for configuration management is not available.</p>
            <note>
                <p>While SM provides active/active operation with data replication between the two
                    SMs, Nokia recommends that back-to-back transactions for the same
                    subscriber/device or set of devices within a given group, are all sent to the
                    same SM to avoid race conditions with the data replication.</p>
            </note>
            <p>SM is also composed of a multi-tier architecture, with a front-end tier of API or
                GUI, an application tier, and a persistent store database. The OAM functions of the
                SM are hosted by the OAME containers.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="section_acn_5tx_llb">
            <title>Managed Element CNF</title>
            <p>Management Element CNF</p>
            <p>Managed Elements (ME) provide the charging function in SPS. MEs include the charging
                application and include the database for managing all subscriber and device records,
                including the dynamic data updated as a result of charging transactions. MEs produce
                charging data records (CDRs) to record the details of all transactions.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="section_fss_ztx_llb">
            <title>Integrated SM/ME CNF</title>
            <p>One way to reduce overall SPS footprint in an operator network is to deploy an
                integrated SM / ME, rather than separate and independent SM and ME. The SM and ME
                provide very different network functions, however, the underlying infrastructure for
                those two functions share a common foundation. By deploying both SM and ME together
                on a single platform infrastructure, the overall footprint is reduced.</p>
        </section>
    </conbody>
</concept>
