<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="id9YZ-09018-UG00-PCZZA-cap"><title>Cap entity</title><conbody>
<section><title>Overview</title>
<p>Cap is the limit applied by the top-level group to the device on its hierarchy resources either directly (directly applied to the device) or indirectly (applied to the low-level group and hence to the devices associated with that low-level group).</p>
<note>
<p>In a multi-level hierarchy group, cap is not applicable to the middle-level(s) because intermediate levels ideally do not have resources.</p>
</note>
<p>Following are a few important points for cap entity:</p><ul>
<li>
<p>Cap can only be applied to shared resources, such as bucket or main balance. For example, cap is applied as a unit for data buckets or as money for main balance, through Counters.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Cap is not applicable to the subscription fees.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Cap defined for a group is applicable only if the group counters are defined as rule engine output and inside the group definition.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Cap is expressed in absolute value for unlimited shared resources and multi-level group hierarchy resources.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Cap on overage determines the limit on the overage value allowed on the main balance of the account.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<note>
<p>The call is not allowed below the limit of cap value defined for the main balance.</p>
</note>
<sectiondiv>
<p><b>Comparison between cap and threshold</b></p>
<p>The following list shows a comparison of cap and threshold:</p><ul>
<li>
<p>For a cap associated with a counter, the Threshold Profile Group Instance, Threshold Profile Instance and Threshold Instance are created and embedded in the counter instance while creation of a subscription.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Cap is similar to a Threshold Profile Group having a single Threshold Profile and Threshold.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>The cap name is referenced in the counter threshold list, similar to Threshold Profile Group Name.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Cap is associated with counter only while a threshold is associated with both bucket and counter.</p>
</li>
</ul>
</sectiondiv>
</section>
</conbody></concept>