<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="id9YZ-09018-UG00-PCZZA-d1e2967">
<title>Network interfaces</title>
<conbody>
<section>
<title>SM, NCC ME, and NCC IG network interfaces and IP addresses</title>
<p>The NCC is deployed:</p>
<ul>
<li>
<p>with two types of sites consisting of a Service Manager (SM) and Managed
                        Elements (MEs) or;</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>with one type of site: NCC Integrated (IG) or;</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>with two types of sites: NCC IG and Managed Elements (MEs).</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p>The SM site is used for provisioning and API access. The ME site is used for NCC, Policy, and
                                                  Notification Service (NS) applications. The IG
                                                  site is used for provisioning and API access, NCC,
                                                  Policy, and Notification Service (NS)
                                                  applications. </p>
<p>The NCC supports internal and external networks. The NCC internal network is a single network
                                                  that uses IPv4 only. The NCC external network can
                                                  be a single network or it can consist of multiple
                                                  networks, and use both IPv4 and IPv6. The NCC
                                                  supports assigning IP addresses to external
                                                  interfaces of each VM. However, the NCC supports
                                                  only static IP address assignment. All the
                                                  external virtual IP addresses and fixed IP
                                                  addresses must be statically assigned.</p>
<p>See the <i>NCC Installation and Upgrade Guide</i> for more information about network
                                                  interfaces.</p>
</section>
</conbody>
</concept>