<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="id9YZ-09018-UG00-PCZZA-d1e14436"><title>NRF configuration</title><conbody>
<section><title>Overview</title>
<p>The NRF configuration entity allows you to perform the following network functions:</p><ul>
<li>
<p>
<i>NFRegister</i>: Used to register a network function in the NRF by providing the NF profile of the requesting network function to the NRF.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>
<i>NFDeregister</i>: Used to remove the profile of a network function previously registered in the NRF.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>
<i>NFDiscover</i>: Used to discover the services offered by other network function instances querying the local NRF.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>
<i>NFHeartbeat</i>: A daemon thread on the <i>NF-C</i> keeps track of the <i>NFHeartbeat</i> message that is sent to a <i>NFProfile</i>. <i>NFHeartbeat</i> is sent to all registered <i>NFProfiles</i>.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>
<i>Probe</i>: A <i>Probe</i> is a non-standard message. The message structure of Probe is the same as the <i>NFHeartbeat</i> message. A daemon thread on the <i>NF-C</i> keeps track on whether a probe message is sent or not. A probe is sent only to the Primary NRF server when the primary NRF server is not inUse and another NRF server is marked as inUse. The duration between two probe messages is configurable in the NRF server object.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>
<i>NF Update</i>: An <i>NF Update</i> message is triggered for an NF profile that is in registered state on a NRF server is updated via SM GUI or REST API.</p>
<p>A sub-object of a NF profile which is in registered state on a NRF server, is updated via SM GUI or REST API. The sub-object can be one of NF service, CHFInfo, and PCFInfo.</p>
</li>
</ul>
</section>
</conbody></concept>