<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="id9YZ-09018-UG00-PCZZA-d1e13557"><title>Rate entity</title><conbody>
<section><title>Overview</title>
<p>Rate defines the amount of currency to be charged for each unit of consumption by a call. For example, 0.05 United States dollars is charged for 1 SMS.</p>
<p>The rate entity defines the rating conversion parameters and the type of the resource allocated or reported. Rate is applied to a single unit type or type of consumption resource such as time, volume, and unit. It can define the type of resource or consumption for which it applies.</p>
<p>The rate entity is dependent on the given factors:</p><ul>
<li>
<p>Rate entity defines the granularity of the rating. For example, the rate is expressed as 5 KBs for 0.25 United States dollars. However, beyond this rate, it is important to identify the granularity of the charge. The granularity may be of a different quantity than that expressed in the rate. In this example, the granularity may be 512 bytes or 1/10 of 5 KBs.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Rate entity allows operators to define a step rate. For example, 0.05 United States dollars for the first 100 MB, and 0.03 United States dollars after that.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Operators can perform the following actions for the step rate entry:</p><ul>
<li>
<p>Define the step rate entry duration in the units being rated.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>There is no limit on the number of steps that can be defined in one rate.</p>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</section>
<section id="example"><title>Examples for Normal, Reflection cost, Fixed cost values</title>
<p>
<uicontrol>Normal: Rate to define a Normal step type to charge 1 Euro for every 10 MB usage</uicontrol>
</p>
<p>
<uicontrol>Step:</uicontrol>
</p><ol>
<li>
<p>For first 100 MB consumption, 1 Euro is charged per 10 MB usage.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>For the remaining part of the call, 0.5 Euro is charged per 10 MB usage.</p>
</li>
</ol>
<p>
<uicontrol>Reflection cost: Rate to define a Normal step type to charge 0.25 Euro for every 10 MB usage for first 100 MB and then deduct the reflection cost = 1 Euro (in-between call); remaining call is charged with 0.05 Euro for every 10 MB usage</uicontrol>
</p>
<p>
<uicontrol>Step:</uicontrol>
</p><ol>
<li>
<p>For first 100 MB consumption, 0.25 Euro is charged per 10 MB usage.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Reflection cost of 1 Euro is deducted, that is, for 0 duration and in-between the call.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>For the remaining part of the call, 0.50 Euro is charged again per 10 MB usage.</p>
</li>
</ol>
<p>
<uicontrol>Fixed cost: Rate to define a Normal step type to charge 0.025 Euro for every 10 MB usage for first 100 MB and then deduct Fixed cost = 10 Euro for 50 MB; remaining call is charged with 0.50 Euro for every 10 MB usage</uicontrol>
</p>
<p>
<uicontrol>Step:</uicontrol>
</p><ol>
<li>
<p>For first 100 MB consumption, 0.25 Euro is charged per 10 MB usage.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Fixed cost of 10 Euro is deducted for 50 MB.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>For the remaining part of the call, 0.50 Euro is charged again per 10 MB usage.</p>
</li>
</ol>
</section>
</conbody></concept>