<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="id9YZ-09018-UG00-PCZZA-d1e13907"><title>Report entity</title><conbody>
<section><title>Overview</title>
<p>A report collects the value of a counter for a particular group or device. These reporting counters have applicability condition as null so that they are applicable at all times. </p>
<p>After a report is activated for a group or device, the corresponding counter's instance is created and appended to the list of counters linked to that group or device. The counters are updated accordingly.</p>
<p>After a report is deactivated for a group or device, the corresponding counter instance is removed from the group or device list.</p>
<p>For example, consider a device that belongs to a group and can access its own buckets and the buckets associated with the group.</p>
<p>The data calls that originate between 9am to 5pm use the buckets associated with the group whereas the data calls that originate after 5pm use the buckets associated with the device. The service operators can generate reports to track various cases, such as total usage from the buckets associated with the group or the usage from the device buckets.</p>
<note>
<p>In the current release, operators cannot create reports. Operators get a predefined set of reports which they cannot update or delete. They can only activate, deactivate, or view the reports. </p>
<p>The predefined set of reports are:</p><ul>
<li>
<p>Self_Bucket_Consumption_Report</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Self_CS_Consumption_Report</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Hierarchy_Consumption_Report</p>
</li>
</ul>
</note>
</section>
</conbody></concept>