<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="id9YZ-09018-UG00-PCZZA-d1e17541"><title>Rule Groups</title><conbody>
<section><title>What is a rule group</title>
<p>A Rule Group is a grouping of related Rules that can be run as a logical group. A Rule Group is usually associated with one or more Triggers. Rule groups can be used in one or more triggers to optimize policy rules and consistency across different operations. Only the applicable rule criteria are allowed in a rule group based on the source context and the trigger to which the rule group belongs (for example, IP-CAN Session). Then, only the rule actions applicable to those criteria and triggers can be configured. For example, if you have a rule that requires IP-CAN session details, you could run that in any rule set that provides the IP-CAN session details as an input or “Source Context”. </p>
<p>In the SM rule list, you can drag the various rules in the rule group to a level that shows hierarchy to allow for priority.</p>
<p>Rule groups are configured and applied as parent-child sets related by rule set. You can place the rules required in one or more top-level stand-alone rule groups or configure a parent-child set of rule groups that use the Rule-Table action in the parent rule group to execute other rule groups. The execution of all rule groups depend on the conditions met and associated rule sets. </p>
<p>Whether a top-level stand-alone rule group or the top-level parent rule group of a parent-child type set of rule groups, you must select the Top Level check box to ensure that the rule group runs when required. A top-level standalone rule group does not have actions that call other rules.</p>
<p>The parent-child set of rule groups and pointing the action to another rule group, you can group rules into numerous child rule groups whose actions are run when the correct conditions are met. For this parent-child type of rule group usage, you must designate the parent rule group by selecting the Top Level check box and identify the children by ensuring that the Top Level check box is not selected. Further more, The triggers configured for the child rule groups must include those from the parent rule group.</p>
</section>
<section><title>Default rule groups</title>
<p>The NCC installs the following default rule groups to provide out-of-the-box functionality:</p><ul>
<li>
<p>Auxiliary Request Type </p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Default Notification Variables</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Media-Type to QCI</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>PCC Rule default QCI</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Reject Disabled Subscriber IP-CAN</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Reservation Priority to ARP Priority</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p>Each of the above listed default rule groups carry with them system defined and installed actions that are part of the default rule system version. For example, the Default Notification Variables rule group assigns values to the following notification variables:</p><ul>
<li>
<p>Notification Variables.Subscriber-User-Id</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Notification Variables.Current-Date-Time-String</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Notification Variables.Subscriber-Mobile-Number</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p>If you delete the default rule groups before you create a customized rule group, the default behavior of some of the options associated with rule group parameters are affected. For example, if you remove the default Media-Type to QCI rule group before you create a customized rule group, all incoming Media Component Descriptions with a different Media Type will default to the system default.</p>
</section>
</conbody></concept>