<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="id9YZ-09018-UG00-PCZZA-d1e10384">
<title>NCC monitoring and health checks</title>
<conbody>
<section>
<title>Overview</title>
<p>Complex multi-service systems require an adequate number of working instances to carry out the
                assigned work load. Systems not working at rated performance, or not working at all
                need to be recognized. The NCC monitors numerous parameters in a network along with
                the health and integrity of the servers. The system health is a resultant value
                derived from the health of constituent components. </p>
<p>The NCC monitors the components of an ME and SM using a heartbeat, which allows a site to
                communicate status about their own connectivity and composite state, as well as
                their view of the other known NCC sites.</p>
<p>HA configurations have a number of built in commands that monitor the following:</p>
<ul>
<li>
<p>a node’s role as either Active or Standby</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>the status of all the services monitored by the HA node as to whether they
                        are healthy or not</p>
</li>
</ul>
<note>All system components register themselves with Monitoring. All vital services in a site must
                be present with a status of UP before Diameter traffic can start in the system. This
                applies to system starts and restarts. If the system components are not ready on the
                initial start up, the system will not start and you will get a time out message.
                Ensure the services are all UP. If you are restarting the system, you can use the
                sps-status tool to verify service status and take the necessary actions to ensure
                services are all UP. See the sections that describe “NCC service monitoring” and the
                “sps-status tool” in the <i>NCC Administration Guide</i> for more
                information.</note>
<p>The NCC monitors services on the following nodes. Each service is associated with a redundancy
                model of 1+1, or N+K, or Standalone.</p>
<ul>
<li>
<p>Diameter application</p>
<ul>
<li>
<p>Policy application</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Charging application</p>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>
<p>OAME</p>
<ul>
<li>
<p>LTM</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>TEM</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Rollback Manager</p>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>
<p>ETCD Cluster</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>databases (monitored separately Aerospike, XDR)</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>KAFKA</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>TRSCHEDULER</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Service Manager (SM App)</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>IOHO </p>
<ul>
<li>
<p>Load Balancer</p>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>
<p>IOHD</p>
<ul>
<li>
<p>DiameterIO</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>HTTPIO </p>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>
<p>CDR</p>
<ul>
<li>
<p>CDR service</p>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>
<p>Common Services</p>
<ul>
<li>
<p>Provisioning service</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Notification Service</p>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>
<p>Web SSO</p>
<ul>
<li>
<p>CMDB</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>CKEY</p>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</section>
</conbody>
</concept>