<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="id9YZ-09018-UG00-PCZZA-d1e1087"><title>Virtual network function</title><conbody>
<section><title>Overview </title>
<p>Nokia Converged Charging (NCC) supports three virtual network functions (VNFs)–an SM, an ME, and
                                                  an Integrated SM/ME (IG). </p>
                                                  <p>The <b>Service Manager (SM)</b> is a VNF for
                                                  API access and provisioning that is used to access
                                                  the NCC for provisioning, and data access that
                                                  provides various interfaces to external systems. </p>
<p>The <b>Managed Element (ME)</b> VNF can be configured for <b>NCC</b> triggered by Diameter
                                                  traffic on the Gy interface in 4G environments or
                                                  triggered by HTTP/2 traffic in 5G environments for
                                                  performing the role of a Online Charging Function
                                                  (OCF).<note><b>Policy</b> is provided by the Nokia
                                                  Policy Controller (NPC) which is triggered by
                                                  either Diameter traffic on the Gx or Rx interface
                                                  in 4G environments or triggered by HTTP/2 traffic
                                                  on the N7 and N28 interface in 5G environments for
                                                  service data flow detection and policy enforcement
                                                  performing the role of a Policy and Charging Rules
                                                  Function (PCRF/PCF). Policy supports the framework
                                                  for unknown AVPs in incoming messages.</note></p>
<p>The IG VNF groups all the functionality of SM and ME within a single VNF.</p>
<note>
<p>The Notification Server (NS) component is incorporated into the ME and IG on the COMSVC VM and the three containers cannot be individually selected. Both are installed and configured to run.</p>
</note>
<note>
<p>On initial installation the NCC supports both HTTP and HTTPS connection. The NCC supports HTTP
                    1.1 and HTTP 2.0 for unsecured HTTP traffic.</p>
</note>
</section>
<section><title>Benefits</title>
<p>Following are the benefits provided by NCC service providers:</p><ul>
<li>
<p>
                                                  <b>Flexibility and Agility</b>: Flexibility is
                                                  provided by the Nokia Agile Rule Technology (ART)
                                                  rules engine and is leveraged by all applications
                                                  on the next-generation platform running both 4G
                                                  and 5G technologies.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>
                        <b>Subscriber model</b>: The NCC subscriber model provides flexibility in
                        the number of accounts that can be attached to a device.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>
                        <b>Scale and performance:</b> NCC uses a three-tier architecture that
                        independently scales IO, applications and databases. </p>
</li>
<li>
<p>
                        <b>Virtualization</b>: NCC is deployed on the Nokia CloudBand Infrastructure
                        Software Virtual Infrastructure Manager (VIM) and managed by CloudBand
                        Application Manager (CBAM) VNFM. Both the platforms are pre-integrated to
                        support the zero-touch Openstack lifecycle management including
                        instantiation, healing, and scaling.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>
                        <b>Focus on groups</b>: NCC incorporates a group theme, such as family,
                        large enterprise groups, or ad-hoc groups based on rule-based quota
                        allocation algorithms on the Gy interface. The groups are formed for a short
                        period of time to either share a new subscription or share remaining
                        resources on the same account.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>
                        <b>Serviceability</b>: The N-K nature of the NCC architecture enables the
                        upgrade of one Virtual Machine (VM) at a time while the remaining VMs take
                        the load. The Aerospike database offers the capability of running two
                        different code versions to facilitate nodes at different software levels but
                        using the same database. This allows independent upgrades of the individual
                        functions, such as policy, charging, and customer experience. NCC runs a new
                        software version without updating the database and it is possible to revert
                        to the previous software version without data loss.</p>
</li>
</ul>
</section>
<section><title>Features of NCC charging application</title>
<p>Following are the key features of NCC application:</p><ul>
<li>
<p>Performs online rating and charging for data session.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Provides session and balance management for Diameter calls triggered on the Gy interface.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Performs rating and charging for data and SMS services on all devices and customer types.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Invokes Nokia ART rules to determine the charging rates for the different services, such as easy customization of rating and charging and additional flexibility.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Enables operators to offer their customers innovative, flexible, and context-specific real-time charging models to provide easy and immediate payment options for expanding the existing revenue streams tailored to individual market segments.</p>
</li>
</ul>
</section>
<section><title>Features of Policy application</title>
<p>Following are the key features of Policy application:</p><ul>
<li>
<p>Controls and authorizes the network bandwidth, QoS, and charging based on the subscriber subscription using virtual Policy and Charging Rule Function (PCRF).</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Dynamically reconfigures the Policy and Charging Enforcement Function (PCEF) using the Policy Control and Charging (PCC) rules, and Bearer Binding and Event Reporting Function (BBERF) using the QoS rule (in EPS Off-Path only) to ensure desired QoS and bandwidth for User Equipment (UE) traffic.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Reports and relays events and session and media-related information amongst Application Function (AF), PCEF, and BBERF.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Provides SDF charging information to PCEF through PCC so that PCEF can work with online and offline chargers to charge the traffic.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Relays PCEF charging information (<i>Access-Network-Charging-Identifier</i>) to AF for charging the application accordingly.</p>
</li>
</ul>
</section>
<section><title>Features of Notification Service application</title>
<p>Notification Service is a key feature of the Notification Server:</p><ul>
<li>
<p>Sends smart notifications to end users based on predefined notification templates selected after ART rule evaluation.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Receives triggers from NCC applications (Charging and Policy) and other applications (for
                        example, SurePay, external PCRF) for sending notifications. The Notification
                        Service application sends out notifications after evaluating whether and
                        when a notification should be sent.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Supports multiple channels like email, SMS, SOAP, REST, and TCP/IP for sending the notifications.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Consults several IT systems before sending a notification and informs an IT system after sending it, for logging purposes.</p>
</li>
</ul>
</section>
<section><title>Features of NCC SM application</title>
<p>Following are the key features of the NCC SM application:</p><ul>
<li>
<p>Common point of presence for provisioning of NCC network systems.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Provides GUI to service providers Operation, Administration, and Maintenance (OAM) network as well as REST and SOAP APIs to external provisioning.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Maintains master copy locally and distributes to all NCC the application configuration related
                        data.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Distributes to a selected NCC system subscriber related data and maintains the NCC system
                        location active/primary and backup of those data.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Acts as an API request gateway for SOAP and REST API requests sent by external clients by
                        identifying the right NCC system and proxying the request to them.</p>
</li>
</ul>
</section>
</conbody></concept>