<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="introduction_to_smart_plan_suite">
    <title>Introduction to containerized Nokia Converged Charging</title>
    <conbody>
        <p>Nokia Converged Charging (NCC) is a real-time rating and charging platform. The containerized
            version of NCC is built with containerized network functions (CNFs) and is called NCC
            CNF. </p>
        <p>NCC CNF is a cloud-native application that is built around Kubernetes principles. The
            following are the key features of NCC:</p>
        <ul id="ul_kbd_vb5_klb">
            <li>NCC uses Docker, containers, Helm charts, and more.</li>
            <li>NCC supports dynamic horizontal scaling, and in-service updates.</li>
            <li>NCC is a 5G application, and its internal protocols are service-mesh friendly.</li>
            <li>NCC is designed as loosely coupled microservices and packaged as lightweight
                containers.</li>
            <li>NCC is agnostic to cloud platforms.</li>
            <li>NCC supports the best-in-class industry standard tools such as Jaeger, Prometheus,
                Kafka, Elasticsearch, Kibana, Kiali, Istio, Grafana software, and more.</li>
        </ul>
        <note>The initial NCC CNF version does not yet certify the in-service nature of the updates
            without traffic interruption. Therefore, it is recommended to switch traffic to the
            other ME in the pair prior to starting the upgrade. The in-service certification feature
            is coming soon.</note>
        <section id="section_vkw_ltm_tlb">
            <title>Deployment environments</title>
            <p>The initial NCC CNF version is targeted for deployment into a customer's Kubernetes
                environment. However, NCC CNF is generic and flexible by nature and can be deployed
                in other environments as well.</p>
        </section>
    </conbody>
</concept>
