<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="values_file">
    <title>Helm chart parameters</title>
    <shortdesc>The Helm chart parameters are the parameters that allow to customize the SPS CNF. The
        Helm chart parameters are defined in <filepath>values.yaml</filepath> and
            <filepath>README.md</filepath> files. This section describes Helm chart
        parameters.</shortdesc>
    <conbody>
        <p>The Helm chart parameters are arranged into the following sections:</p>
        <p>
            <ul id="ul_ubb_xc1_5kb">
                <li>Global</li>
                <li>Tags</li>
                <li>Aerospike</li>
                <li>ComSvc</li>
                <li>IOHD</li>
                <li>Notification Service</li>
                <li>OAME</li>
                <li>Charging</li>
                <li>DB layer</li>
                <li>SM App</li>
                <li>LDAP concentrator</li>
                <li>LDAP plugin </li>
                <li>CSDC</li>
            </ul>
        </p>
        <note>
            <p>There is a group of parameters in the Helm chart that can be defined with global
                or/and application specific scope. These parameters can be defined in the Global
                section or/and in any other pod-type section. These parameters are defined in table
                    <b>Parameters with varying scope: Global or/and pod-type.</b></p>
        </note>
        <p>The following table describes the parameters of the Global section. The Global section
            contains the parameters that apply to the entire SPS CNF.</p>
        <table frame="all" rowsep="1" colsep="1" id="table_fjl_qnk_vkb">
            <title>Global parameters</title>
            <tgroup cols="3">
                <colspec colname="c2" colnum="1" colwidth="1.49*"/>
                <colspec colname="c3" colnum="2" colwidth="2.46*"/>
                <colspec colname="c4" colnum="3" colwidth="1*"/>
                <thead>
                    <row>
                        <entry>Parameter</entry>
                        <entry>Description</entry>
                        <entry>Update notes<p>Must update / Modify default if needed / Do not
                                modify</p></entry>
                    </row>
                </thead>
                <tbody>
                    <row>
                        <entry>global.imagePullPolicy</entry>
                        <entry>This parameter defines the Kubernetes container image pull policy
                            which determines when images are pulled from the registry.<p>The values
                                    are:<ul id="ul_xpf_f1z_2lb">
                                    <li><varname>Always</varname></li>
                                    <li><varname>IfNotPresent</varname></li>
                                    <li><varname>Never</varname></li>
                                </ul></p></entry>
                        <entry/>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry>global.registry</entry>
                        <entry>This parameter defines the host name and the port of the Docker
                            registry to fetch images from.</entry>
                        <entry/>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry>global.registry4</entry>
                        <entry/>
                        <entry/>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry>global.debug</entry>
                        <entry>This parameter defines whether or not to enable various debugging
                            facilities including the exposure of app server JMX ports. <p>The values
                                    are:<ul id="ul_ucs_p2z_2lb">
                                    <li><varname>true</varname></li>
                                    <li><varname>false</varname></li>
                                </ul></p></entry>
                        <entry/>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry>global.maxAllowedFailedKafkaPods</entry>
                        <entry>This parameter defines the allowed maximum number of failed Kafka
                            pods before starting the other SPS pods.</entry>
                        <entry/>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry>global.maxAllowedFailedDBPods</entry>
                        <entry>This parameter defines the allowed maximum number of failed DB pods
                            before starting the other SPS pods. <p><i>The following is the
                                    definition of  maxAllowedFailedDB in the SPS VNF configuration
                                    file.</i></p><p>The SPS is a 2*(N+K) Active/Active cluster of
                                database VMs designed to process a full-traffic load with the
                                maximum K number of VMs within any of the two groups that can fail
                                before the resources drop below the designed levels. If this occurs,
                                the SPS takes actions such as requesting traffic to shut off and
                                then returning to service when the databases are back at the
                                designed levels.</p><p>The SPS divides the database cluster into two
                                groups, rack1/zone1 and rack2/zone2, to facilitate a faster and more
                                robust software upgrade. For this reason, each group has N+K
                                database VMs.</p><p>This parameter specifies the value of K. The
                                value of N is (M/2) – K, where M number of VMs in the two groups.).
                                </p><p>If the value is not specified, then the value is the default,
                                that is one. If the specified value is less than zero, it is reset
                                to zero. If the specified value is greater than the number of
                                database VMs in the group, it is reset to the number of VMs in that
                                group minus one.</p><p>For example, if this parameter is set to 3,
                                this means that no more than three VMs within any of the two
                                database groups can fail before the entire database cluster becomes
                                out of service.</p></entry>
                        <entry/>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry>global.sitelocation</entry>
                        <entry>This parameter defines the location of the SPS site.<p><i>The
                                    following is the definition of  sitelocation in the SPS VNF
                                    configuration file.</i></p><p>Location must be unique per
                                physical location. If multiple sites (SM, and/or ME, and/or IG)
                                share a building complex, then these sites should have the same
                                location. For example, if an ME and an SM share location Ottawa,
                                then the ME’s location is “Ottawa” and the SM’s location is
                                “Ottawa”. </p><p>The value is an arbitrary string. Choose a value
                                that is meaningful and reasonable in length.</p><p>For more
                                information on location, see section Location and community in
                                chapter Monitoring and health check in SPS VNF Operation,
                                Administration and Maintenance Guide.</p></entry>
                        <entry/>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry>global.sitename</entry>
                        <entry>The name of the SPS site.<p><i>The following is the definition of
                                    sitename in the SPS VNF configuration file.</i></p><p>This
                                parameter is defined with the maximum of 25 alphanumeric and dash
                                (-) characters.</p><p>The dot (‘.’) and underscore (‘_’) characters
                                cannot be used.</p></entry>
                        <entry/>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry>global.systemid</entry>
                        <entry>The system ID required by Fluentd.<p><i>The following is the
                                    definition of  systemid in the SPS VNF configuration
                                file.</i></p><p>This parameter defines the ID for an SPS site. This
                                parameter supports 32 values in the interval [0,31]. This parameter
                                is used for all the SPS topology parameters and must be unique for
                                each site across all the sites deployed.</p><p>For example, if there
                                are four MEs and two SMs in your SPS, then each site is assigned a
                                unique integer in this group of six; the MEs are numbered 1, 2, 3
                                and 4; the SMs are numbered 5 and 6.</p></entry>
                        <entry/>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry>global.usePrometheus</entry>
                        <entry>This parameter defines whether or not Prometheus is used for metrics.
                                <p>The values are:<ul id="ul_imp_vth_zkb">
                                    <li><varname>true</varname></li>
                                    <li><varname>false</varname></li>
                                </ul></p>If this parameter is set to true, then
                            &lt;global.metricsmode> must be set to
                            <varname>prometheus</varname>.</entry>
                        <entry/>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry>global.metricsmode</entry>
                        <entry>This parameter defines the metrics mode for an application. This
                            parameter correlates with &lt;usePrometheus>.<p>The values are:<ul
                                    id="ul_v1x_43z_2lb">
                                    <li><varname>csv</varname></li>
                                    <li><varname>prometheus</varname></li>
                                </ul></p><p>If this parameter is set to
                                    <varname>prometheus</varname>, the application metrics are
                                exported to Prometheus tool.</p></entry>
                        <entry/>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry>global.csvmetricsinterval</entry>
                        <entry>This parameter defines the interval in minutes to collect
                                    metrics.<p><i>The following is the definition of
                                    csvmetricsinterval in the SPS VNF configuration
                                file.</i></p><p>This parameter defines the collection interval in
                                minutes during which the metrics is fetched and written into the
                                following location:/appdata/sps/meas/.</p><p>The zero value disables
                                counters and scheduling of the SPS application metrics
                                collection.</p><p>The value range is [0,1440].</p></entry>
                        <entry/>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry>global.csvmetricsintervaloffset</entry>
                        <entry>This parameter defines the metrics collection interval offset in
                                    minutes.<p><i>The following is the definition of
                                    csvmetricsintervaloffset in the SPS VNF configuration
                                file.</i></p><p>This parameter defines the collection interval
                                offset, which is the offset (delay) amount in minutes for the
                                collection interval.</p><p>The SPS application metrics collection
                                occurs at the beginning of an hour unless the offset is
                                specified</p><p>The value range is [0
                                ,csvmetrics/collection-interval].</p></entry>
                        <entry/>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry>global.useIstio</entry>
                        <entry>This parameter defines whether or not Istio is available and SPS is
                            to use it as the Ingress gateway.<p>The values are:<ul
                                    id="ul_wh1_4hg_ykb">
                                    <li><varname>true</varname></li>
                                    <li><varname>false</varname></li>
                                </ul></p></entry>
                        <entry/>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry>global.istioHttpProto</entry>
                        <entry>
                            <p>This parameter defines the Istio gateway protocol if Istio is used. </p>
                            <p>The values are:<ul id="ul_kk5_rhz_2lb">
                                    <li><varname>http</varname></li>
                                    <li><varname>https</varname></li>
                                </ul></p>
                        </entry>
                        <entry/>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry>global.istioHttpPort</entry>
                        <entry>
                            <p>This parameter defines the Istio gateway port if Istio is used. Istio
                                must have an Ingress gateway port mapping from an externally
                                accessable port to this port.</p>
                        </entry>
                        <entry/>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry>global.ingressip</entry>
                        <entry>This parameter defines the IP address for Ingress.</entry>
                        <entry/>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry>global.ingressport</entry>
                        <entry>
                            <p>This parameter defines the port for Ingress.</p>
                        </entry>
                        <entry/>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry>global.ingressproto</entry>
                        <entry>
                            <p>This parameter defines the protocol for Ingress. </p>
                            <p>The values are:<ul id="ul_vcb_h3z_2lb">
                                    <li><varname>http</varname></li>
                                </ul></p>
                        </entry>
                        <entry/>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry>global.storageClass</entry>
                        <entry>This parameter defines the Kubernetes storage class used by
                            CKAF-ZOOKEEPER, Kafka and Aerospike related components.<p>This paramete
                                correlates with &lt;localPvSize>.</p></entry>
                        <entry/>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry>global.opentracing.jaeger</entry>
                        <entry>
                            <p>This parameter is configured in
                                    <filepath>common-configmap.yaml</filepath> file.</p>
                        </entry>
                        <entry/>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry>global.opentracing.jaeger.endpoint</entry>
                        <entry>This parameter defines the Jaeger endpoint to send OpenTracing data
                            to.</entry>
                        <entry/>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry>global.opentracing.headers</entry>
                        <entry>This parameter defines a comma separated list of HTTP headers' names
                            that are propagated if present.</entry>
                        <entry/>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry>global.enableExternalSPR</entry>
                        <entry>This parameter defines whether or not to enable the external
                                SPR.<p>The values are:<ul id="ul_awb_tdf_flb">
                                    <li><varname>true</varname></li>
                                    <li><varname>false</varname></li>
                                </ul></p>Set this parameter to <varname>true</varname> if the
                            external SPR is used. Setting to <varname>true</varname>  also enables
                            deployment of LDAP concentrator and LDAP plugin. Otherwise, if this
                            parameter is set to <varname>false</varname>, LDAP concentrator and LDAP
                            plugin will not be deployed.</entry>
                        <entry/>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry>global.etcd.rewrite</entry>
                        <entry><p>This parameter defines whether or not the SPS configuration values
                                stored in ETCD are going to be overwritten with the current values.
                                </p><p>The values are:<ul id="ul_i1m_mjg_flb">
                                    <li><varname>true</varname></li>
                                    <li><varname>false</varname></li>
                                </ul></p>If the value is <varname>true</varname>, then the SPS
                            configuration values will be overwritten. </entry>
                        <entry/>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry>global.diameter.originrealm</entry>
                        <entry>This parameter defines the Diameter origin realm to use.</entry>
                        <entry/>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry>global.diameter.originhost</entry>
                        <entry>This parameter defines the Diameter origin host to use, without
                            realm.</entry>
                        <entry/>
                    </row>
                </tbody>
            </tgroup>
        </table>
        <p>The following table describes the parameters that can be defined as Global parameters
            applicable to the entire SPS, or as  parameters that also or only apply to particular
            types of pods. These are the parameters with varying scope of application. The
            parameters defined with pod-type scope have higher precedence over the parameter defined
            with global scope. For example, if &lt;aerospike.jvmheap> and &lt;global.jvmheap> are
            both defined, then &lt;aerospike.jvmheap> has higher precedence over &lt;global.jvmheap>
            in relation to Aerospke pods.</p>
        <table frame="all" rowsep="1" colsep="1" id="table_dmr_mm2_flb">
            <title>Parameters with varying scope: Global or/and pod-type</title>
            <tgroup cols="3">
                <colspec colname="c1" colnum="1" colwidth="1.4*"/>
                <colspec colname="c2" colnum="2" colwidth="1.8*"/>
                <colspec colname="c3" colnum="3" colwidth="1*"/>
                <thead>
                    <row>
                        <entry>Parameter</entry>
                        <entry>Description</entry>
                        <entry>Update notes<p>Must update / Modify default if needed / Do not
                                modify</p></entry>
                    </row>
                </thead>
                <tbody>
                    <row>
                        <entry>&lt;scope>.jvmheap</entry>
                        <entry>This parameter defines the default JVM heap configuration.</entry>
                        <entry/>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry>&lt;scope>.applicationLog4jMonitorInterval</entry>
                        <entry>This parameter defines the monitoring interval in seconds for Log4j
                            configuration of application logs.</entry>
                        <entry/>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry>&lt;scope>.applicationLog4jConfiguration</entry>
                        <entry>This parameter defines the Log4j configuration of application
                            logs.</entry>
                        <entry/>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry>&lt;scope>.alarmLog4j2Configuration</entry>
                        <entry>This parameter defines the Log4j2 configuration of alarm
                            logs.</entry>
                        <entry/>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry namest="c1" nameend="c3"><b>Resources parameters</b><p>These
                                parameters define how much resources are requested, and how much
                                resources can be requested or what is the limit of requests. </p>If
                            any parameter in &lt;ldapconcentrator>.resources is set, then all four
                            &lt;ldapconcentrator>.resources parameters must be set. <p>If there are
                                insufficient cluster resources, the pods might not be
                                instantiated.</p></entry>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry>&lt;scope>.resources.requests.cpu</entry>
                        <entry>
                            <p>This parameter defines how much CPU is requested initially.</p>
                        </entry>
                        <entry/>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry>&lt;scope>.resources.requests.memory</entry>
                        <entry>
                            <p>This parameter defines how much memory is requested initially.</p>
                        </entry>
                        <entry/>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry>&lt;scope>.resources.limits.cpu</entry>
                        <entry><p>This parameter defines the amount of CPU to request for the
                                pod.</p>This parameter must be greater or equal to
                            &lt;&lt;scope>.resources.requests.cpu>.</entry>
                        <entry/>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry>&lt;scope>.resources.limits.memory</entry>
                        <entry>
                            <p>This parameter defines the amount of memory to request for the pod. </p>
                            <p>This parameter must be greater or equal to
                                &lt;&lt;scope>.resources.requests.memory>.</p>
                        </entry>
                        <entry/>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry namest="c1" nameend="c3">
                            <p><b>Horizontal Pod Autoscaler (HPA) parameters</b></p>
                        </entry>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry>&lt;scope>.hpa.minReplicas</entry>
                        <entry>This parameter defines the initial number of pods to start. If this
                            parameter is zero, then the HPA is not created and zero instances of the
                            pod are started.</entry>
                        <entry/>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry>&lt;scope>.hpa.maxReplicas</entry>
                        <entry>This parameter defines the maximum number of pods running at any time
                            regardless of the utilization calculation. </entry>
                        <entry/>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry>&lt;scope>.hpa.averageUtilization</entry>
                        <entry>
                            <p>This parameter defines the CPU utlization. This parameter represents
                                the percentage of CPU resource defined in &lt;?>. This parameter is
                                used to determine whether or not autoscaling is needed and how many
                                pods have to be added or terminated. If the actual CPU usage is
                                highter than this value, then new pods are added. If the actual CPU
                                utlization is lower than this value, then a number of existing pods
                                are terminated. </p>
                        </entry>
                        <entry/>
                    </row>
                </tbody>
            </tgroup>
        </table>
        <p>The following table describes the parameters of the Tags section.</p>
        <table frame="all" rowsep="1" colsep="1" id="table_rqx_bkz_2lb">
            <title>Tags parameters</title>
            <tgroup cols="3">
                <colspec colname="c1" colnum="1" colwidth="1.03*"/>
                <colspec colname="c2" colnum="2" colwidth="1.58*"/>
                <colspec colname="c3" colnum="3" colwidth="1*"/>
                <thead>
                    <row>
                        <entry>Parameter</entry>
                        <entry>Description</entry>
                        <entry>Update notes</entry>
                    </row>
                </thead>
                <tbody>
                    <row>
                        <entry>tags.notif</entry>
                        <entry>This parameter defines whether or not Notification Service is used.
                                <p>The values are:<ul id="ul_rcl_ylz_2lb">
                                    <li><varname>true</varname></li>
                                    <li><varname>false</varname></li>
                                </ul></p></entry>
                        <entry/>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry>tags.ldapconcentrator</entry>
                        <entry>This parameter defines whether or not LDAP concentrator is used.
                                <p>The values are:<ul id="ul_pcr_ylz_2lb">
                                    <li><varname>true</varname></li>
                                    <li><varname>false</varname></li>
                                </ul></p></entry>
                        <entry/>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry>tags.ldapplugin</entry>
                        <entry>This parameter defines whether or not LDAP plugin is used. <p>The
                                values are:<ul id="ul_jxv_ylz_2lb">
                                    <li><varname>true</varname></li>
                                    <li><varname>false</varname></li>
                                </ul></p></entry>
                        <entry/>
                    </row>
                </tbody>
            </tgroup>
        </table>
        <p>The following table describes the parameters of the ComSvc section.</p>
        <table frame="all" rowsep="1" colsep="1" id="table_ktm_fxf_wkb">
            <title>ComSvc parameters</title>
            <tgroup cols="3">
                <colspec colname="c2" colnum="1" colwidth="1.33*"/>
                <colspec colname="c3" colnum="2" colwidth="2.43*"/>
                <colspec colname="c4" colnum="3" colwidth="1*"/>
                <thead>
                    <row>
                        <entry>Parameter</entry>
                        <entry>Description</entry>
                        <entry>Update notes<p>Must update / Modify default if needed / Do not
                                modify</p></entry>
                    </row>
                </thead>
                <tbody>
                    <row>
                        <entry>comsvc.jvmheap</entry>
                        <entry>This parameter defines the size in MB to allocate for the ComSvc Java
                            VM. This parameter is only applicable to containers which use
                            Java.</entry>
                        <entry/>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry>comsvc.imageTag</entry>
                        <entry>This parameter defines the tag version of the ComSvc container
                            image.</entry>
                        <entry/>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry>comsvc.replicas</entry>
                        <entry>This parameter defines the number of replicas in the ComSvc
                            pod.</entry>
                        <entry/>
                    </row>
                </tbody>
            </tgroup>
        </table>
        <p>The following table describes the parameters of the Aerospike section.</p>
        <table frame="all" rowsep="1" colsep="1" id="table_zk2_dxf_wkb">
            <title>Aerospike parameters</title>
            <tgroup cols="3">
                <colspec colname="c1" colnum="1" colwidth="1.53*"/>
                <colspec colname="c2" colnum="2" colwidth="2.07*"/>
                <colspec colname="c3" colnum="3" colwidth="1*"/>
                <thead>
                    <row>
                        <entry>Parameter</entry>
                        <entry>Description</entry>
                        <entry>Update notes<p>Must update / Modify default if needed / Do not
                                modify</p></entry>
                    </row>
                </thead>
                <tbody>
                    <row>
                        <entry>aerospike.claimSize</entry>
                        <entry>This parameter defines the size of the DB Gluster FS PVC. The value
                            must be defined and cannot be empty, for example,
                                <varname>500Mi</varname> or <varname>5Gi</varname>.</entry>
                        <entry/>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry>aerospike.imageTag</entry>
                        <entry>This parameter defines the tag version of the DB container
                            image.</entry>
                        <entry/>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry>aerospike.replicas</entry>
                        <entry>This parameter defines the number of replicas in the database
                            pod.</entry>
                        <entry/>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry>aerospike.localPvSize</entry>
                        <entry>This parameter defines the size of the DB local storage persistent
                            volume. This parameter is valid only when &lt;storageClass> is set to
                                <i>localdb-storageclass</i>. The value must be greater than
                            &lt;aerospike.claimSize>.</entry>
                        <entry/>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry>aerospike.network.heartbeat.interval</entry>
                        <entry>
                            <p>This parameter defines the time in milliseconds of a heartbeat
                                interval. This is the frequency with which the leader notifies
                                followers that it is still the leader. </p>
                            <p><i>The following is the definition of  network.heartbeat.interval
                                    parameters in the SPS VNF configuration file.</i></p>
                            <p>The heartbeat interval value is recommended to be around the maximum
                                of the average round-trip time (RTT) between members, normally
                                around 0.5-1.5x of RRT. The heartbeat interval value should be the
                                same for all the members in one cluster.</p>
                        </entry>
                        <entry/>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry>aerospike.storageClass</entry>
                        <entry>This parameter defines the Kubernetes storage class to use for SPS
                            database file storage.</entry>
                        <entry/>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry namest="c1" nameend="c3"><b>logClaim parameters</b></entry>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry>aerospike.logClaim.enabled</entry>
                        <entry>This parameter defines whether or not logClaim is enabled. <p>The
                                values are:<ul id="ul_f3n_qfy_2lb">
                                    <li><varname>true</varname></li>
                                    <li><varname>false</varname></li>
                                </ul></p></entry>
                        <entry/>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry>aerospike.logClaim.storageClassName</entry>
                        <entry>This parameter defines the Kubernetes storage class to use for SPS
                            database logs storage.</entry>
                        <entry/>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry>aerospike.logClaim.size</entry>
                        <entry>This parameter defines the size of the DB log GlusterFS PVC or local
                            storage PVC, for example <varname>200Mi</varname> or
                                <varname>2Gi</varname>. The value must be defined and cannot be
                            empty.</entry>
                        <entry/>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry namest="c1" nameend="c3">
                            <p><b>Database namespace’s &lt;filesize> and &lt;memorysize>
                                    parameters</b></p>
                            <p><i>The following is the definition of  &lt;filesize> and
                                    &lt;memorysize> parameters in the SPS VNF configuration
                                    file.</i></p>
                            <p>Each namespace's &lt;filesize> and &lt;memorysize> parameters
                                correlate. </p>
                            <p>The values must be defined and cannot be empty,</p>
                            <p>You must update these parameters for live deployment.</p>
                            <p>You must contact Nokia Professional Services to determine the correct
                                values for these parameters.</p>
                            <p>The default values are for the lab trial setups only.</p>
                        </entry>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry>aerospike.dscNamespace.filesize</entry>
                        <entry>This parameter defines the file size of the dsc namespace, for
                                example<varname>343M</varname>.</entry>
                        <entry/>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry>aerospike.dscglobalNamespace.filesize</entry>
                        <entry>This parameter defines the file size of the dscglobal namespace. </entry>
                        <entry/>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry>aerospike.dsclocalNamespace.filesize</entry>
                        <entry>This parameter defines the file size of the dsclocal
                            namespace.</entry>
                        <entry/>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry>aerospike.spspdNamespace.filesize</entry>
                        <entry>This parameter defines the file size of the spspd namespaces. This
                            parameter applies to all partitions. </entry>
                        <entry/>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry>aerospike.dscNamespace.memorysize</entry>
                        <entry>This parameter defines the memory size of the dsc namespace, for
                            example <varname>10M</varname>.</entry>
                        <entry/>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry>aerospike.dscglobalNamespace.memorysize</entry>
                        <entry>This parameter defines the memory size of the dscglobal namespace. </entry>
                        <entry/>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry>aerospike.dsclocalNamespace.memorysize</entry>
                        <entry>This parameter defines the memory size of the dsclocal
                            namespace.</entry>
                        <entry/>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry>aerospike.spspdNamespace.memorysize</entry>
                        <entry>This parameter defines the memory size of the spspd namespaces. This
                            parameter applies to all partition.</entry>
                        <entry/>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry namest="c1" nameend="c3">
                            <p><b>Resources parameters</b></p>
                            <p>These parameters define the resources for the Aerospike types of
                                pods.</p>
                            <p>If there are insufficient cluster resources, the pods might not be
                                instantiated. .</p>
                        </entry>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry>aerospike.resources.requests.cpu</entry>
                        <entry morerows="3">
                            <p>For definition, see table <b>Parameters with varying scope: Global
                                    or/and pod-type.</b></p>
                        </entry>
                        <entry/>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry>aerospike.resources.requests.memory</entry>
                        <entry/>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry>aerospike.resources.limits.cpu</entry>
                        <entry/>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry>aerospike.resources.limits.memory</entry>
                        <entry/>
                    </row>
                </tbody>
            </tgroup>
        </table>
        <p>The following table describes the parameters of the IOHD section.</p>
        <table frame="all" rowsep="1" colsep="1" id="table_s3k_v5l_vkb">
            <title>IOHD parameters</title>
            <tgroup cols="3">
                <colspec colname="c2" colnum="1" colwidth="1.22*"/>
                <colspec colname="c3" colnum="2" colwidth="2.17*"/>
                <colspec colname="c4" colnum="3" colwidth="1*"/>
                <thead>
                    <row>
                        <entry>Parameter</entry>
                        <entry>Description</entry>
                        <entry>Update notes<p>Must update / Modify default if needed / Do not
                                modify</p></entry>
                    </row>
                </thead>
                <tbody>
                    <row>
                        <entry>iohd.diameterFloatingIP</entry>
                        <entry>This parameter defines a YAML list of keepalived floating IPs to use
                            for external Diameter traffic. These IPs are deployed from the
                            Deployment container using `bcmt service keepalived'.</entry>
                        <entry/>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry>iohd.httpFloatingIP</entry>
                        <entry>This parameter defines a YAML list of keepalived floating IPs to use
                            for external HTTP network (5G) traffic. These IPs are deployed from the
                            Deployment container using `bcmt service keepalived`.</entry>
                        <entry/>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry>iohd.httpPort</entry>
                        <entry>This parameter defines the port to listen for HTTP network (5G)
                            connections on. This parameter needs to be set to something other than
                            8443 if using the same floating IP that the IOHO uses in order to avoid
                            a conflict.</entry>
                        <entry/>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry>iohd.httpsPort</entry>
                        <entry>This parameter defines the port </entry>
                        <entry/>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry>iohd.imageTag</entry>
                        <entry>This parameter defines the tag version of the IOHD container image to
                            use.</entry>
                        <entry/>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry>iohd.jvmheap</entry>
                        <entry>This parameter defines the size, in MB to allocate for the Diameter
                            IOH Java VM. </entry>
                        <entry/>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry>iohd.replicas</entry>
                        <entry>This parameter defines the number of replicas in the IOHD
                            pod.</entry>
                        <entry/>
                    </row>
                </tbody>
            </tgroup>
        </table>
        <p>The following table describes the parameters of the Notification Service (NS)
            section.</p>
        <table frame="all" rowsep="1" colsep="1" id="table_z5r_hwl_vkb">
            <title>NS parameters</title>
            <tgroup cols="3">
                <colspec colname="c2" colnum="1" colwidth="1.18*"/>
                <colspec colname="c3" colnum="2" colwidth="2.51*"/>
                <colspec colname="c4" colnum="3" colwidth="1*"/>
                <thead>
                    <row>
                        <entry>Parameter</entry>
                        <entry>Description</entry>
                        <entry>Update notes<p>Must update / Modify default if needed / Do not
                                modify</p></entry>
                    </row>
                </thead>
                <tbody>
                    <row>
                        <entry>notif.imageTag</entry>
                        <entry>This parameter defines the tag version of the NS container image to
                            use. </entry>
                        <entry/>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry>notif.jvmheap</entry>
                        <entry>This parameter defines the size, in MB, to allocate for the NS Java
                            VM. Only applicable to containers which use Java.</entry>
                        <entry/>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry>notif.replicas</entry>
                        <entry>This parameter defines the number of replicas in the NS pod.</entry>
                        <entry/>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry>notif.enabled</entry>
                        <entry>
                            <p>This parameter defines whether or not NS is enabled.</p>
                            <p>The values are<ul id="ul_nxw_3ky_2lb">
                                    <li><varname>true</varname></li>
                                    <li><varname>false</varname></li>
                                </ul></p>
                        </entry>
                        <entry/>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry namest="c2" nameend="c4"><b>Horizontal Pod Autoscaler
                                (HPA)</b><p>These parameters define the HPA configuration for the NS
                                types of pods.</p></entry>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry>notif.hpa.minReplicas</entry>
                        <entry morerows="2">
                            <p>For definition, see table <b>Parameters with varying scope: Global
                                    or/and pod-type.</b></p>
                        </entry>
                        <entry/>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry>notif.hpa.maxReplicas</entry>
                        <entry/>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry>notif.hpa.averageUtilization</entry>
                        <entry/>
                    </row>
                </tbody>
            </tgroup>
        </table>
        <p>The following table describes the parameters of the OAME section.</p>
        <table frame="all" rowsep="1" colsep="1" id="table_zth_yvl_vkb">
            <title>OAME parameters</title>
            <tgroup cols="3">
                <colspec colname="c2" colnum="1" colwidth="1.3*"/>
                <colspec colname="c3" colnum="2" colwidth="2.99*"/>
                <colspec colname="c4" colnum="3" colwidth="1*"/>
                <thead>
                    <row>
                        <entry>Parameter</entry>
                        <entry>Description</entry>
                        <entry>Update notes<p>Must update / Modify default if needed / Do not
                                modify</p></entry>
                    </row>
                </thead>
                <tbody>
                    <row>
                        <entry>oame.imageTag</entry>
                        <entry>This parameter defines the tag version of the OAME container image to
                            use.</entry>
                        <entry/>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry>oame.jvmheap</entry>
                        <entry>This parameter defines the size, in MB, to allocate for the OAME Java
                            VM.</entry>
                        <entry/>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry>oame.replicas</entry>
                        <entry>This parameter defines the number of replicas in the OAME
                            pod.</entry>
                        <entry/>
                    </row>
                </tbody>
            </tgroup>
        </table>
        <p>The following table describes the parameters of the Charging section.</p>
        <table frame="all" rowsep="1" colsep="1" id="table_yjw_dwl_vkb">
            <title>Charging parameters</title>
            <tgroup cols="3">
                <colspec colname="c2" colnum="1" colwidth="1.25*"/>
                <colspec colname="c3" colnum="2" colwidth="2.56*"/>
                <colspec colname="c4" colnum="3" colwidth="1*"/>
                <thead>
                    <row>
                        <entry>Parameter</entry>
                        <entry>Description</entry>
                        <entry>Update notes<p>Must update / Modify default if needed / Do not
                                modify</p></entry>
                    </row>
                </thead>
                <tbody>
                    <row>
                        <entry>charging.imageTag</entry>
                        <entry>The tag version of the and Charging application container image to
                            use. </entry>
                        <entry/>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry>charging.jvmheap</entry>
                        <entry>The size, in MB, to allocate for the Charging application Java
                            VM.</entry>
                        <entry/>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry>charging.replicas</entry>
                        <entry>The number of replicas in the Charging application pod.</entry>
                        <entry/>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry namest="c2" nameend="c4"><b>Horizontal Pod Autoscaler
                                (HPA)</b><p>These parameters define the HPA configuration for the
                                Charging types of pods.</p></entry>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry>charging.hpa.minReplicas</entry>
                        <entry morerows="2">
                            <p>For definition, see table <b>Parameters with varying scope: Global
                                    or/and pod-type.</b></p>
                        </entry>
                        <entry/>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry>charging.hpa.maxReplicas</entry>
                        <entry/>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry>charging.hpa.averageUtilization</entry>
                        <entry/>
                    </row>
                </tbody>
            </tgroup>
        </table>
        <p>The following table describes the parameters of the DB layer section.</p>
        <table frame="all" rowsep="1" colsep="1" id="table_gqc_tyf_wkb">
            <title>DB layer parameters</title>
            <tgroup cols="3">
                <colspec colname="c2" colnum="1" colwidth="1.12*"/>
                <colspec colname="c3" colnum="2" colwidth="2.18*"/>
                <colspec colname="c4" colnum="3" colwidth="1*"/>
                <thead>
                    <row>
                        <entry>Parameter</entry>
                        <entry>Description</entry>
                        <entry>Update notes<p>Must update / Modify default if needed / Do not
                                modify</p></entry>
                    </row>
                </thead>
                <tbody>
                    <row>
                        <entry>dblayer.imageTag</entry>
                        <entry>The tag version of  the DB layer container image to use.</entry>
                        <entry/>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry>dblayer.jvmheap</entry>
                        <entry>The size, in MB, to allocate for the DB layer Java VM. Only
                            applicable to containers which use Java.</entry>
                        <entry/>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry>dblayer.replicas</entry>
                        <entry>The number of replicas in the DB layer  pod.</entry>
                        <entry/>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry namest="c2" nameend="c4"><b>Horizontal Pod Autoscaler
                                (HPA)</b><p>These parameters define the HPA configuration for the DB
                                layer types of pods.</p></entry>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry>dblayer.hpa.minReplicas</entry>
                        <entry morerows="2">
                            <p>For definition, see table <b>Parameters with varying scope: Global
                                    or/and pod-type.</b></p>
                        </entry>
                        <entry/>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry>dblayer.hpa.maxReplicas</entry>
                        <entry/>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry>dblayer.hpa.averageUtilization</entry>
                        <entry/>
                    </row>
                </tbody>
            </tgroup>
        </table>
        <p>The following table describes the parameters of the SM App section.</p>
        <table frame="all" rowsep="1" colsep="1" id="table_vt5_dzf_wkb">
            <title>SM App parameters</title>
            <tgroup cols="3">
                <colspec colname="c1" colnum="1" colwidth="1.11*"/>
                <colspec colname="c2" colnum="2" colwidth="2.28*"/>
                <colspec colname="c3" colnum="3" colwidth="1*"/>
                <thead>
                    <row>
                        <entry>Parameter</entry>
                        <entry>Description</entry>
                        <entry>Update notes<p>Must update / Modify default if needed / Do not
                                modify</p></entry>
                    </row>
                </thead>
                <tbody>
                    <row>
                        <entry>smapp.imageTag</entry>
                        <entry>The tag version of the SM App container image to use. </entry>
                        <entry/>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry>smapp.jvmheap</entry>
                        <entry>The size, in MB, to allocate for the SM App Java VM.</entry>
                        <entry/>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry>smapp.replicas</entry>
                        <entry>The number of replicas in the SM App pod. This parameter can be set
                            to zero if  the SM is not to be co-located.</entry>
                        <entry/>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry namest="c1" nameend="c3"><b>Horizontal Pod Autoscaler
                                (HPA)</b><p>These parameters define the HPA configuration for the SM
                                App types of pods.</p></entry>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry>smapp.hpa.minReplicas</entry>
                        <entry morerows="2">
                            <p>For definition, see table <b>Parameters with varying scope: Global
                                    or/and pod-type.</b></p>
                        </entry>
                        <entry/>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry>smapp.hpa.maxReplicas</entry>
                        <entry/>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry>smapp.hpa.averageUtilization</entry>
                        <entry/>
                    </row>
                </tbody>
            </tgroup>
        </table>
        <p>The following table describes the parameters of the LDAP concentrator  section.</p>
        <table frame="all" rowsep="1" colsep="1" id="table_ukl_2fg_wkb">
            <title>LDAP concentrator  parameters</title>
            <tgroup cols="3">
                <colspec colname="c1" colnum="1" colwidth="1.44*"/>
                <colspec colname="c2" colnum="2" colwidth="2.04*"/>
                <colspec colname="c3" colnum="3" colwidth="1*"/>
                <thead>
                    <row>
                        <entry>Parameter</entry>
                        <entry>Description</entry>
                        <entry>Update notes<p>Must update / Modify default if needed / Do not
                                modify</p></entry>
                    </row>
                </thead>
                <tbody>
                    <row>
                        <entry>ldapconcentrator.jvmheap</entry>
                        <entry>The size, in MB, to allocate for the LDAP concentrator Java
                            VM.</entry>
                        <entry/>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry namest="c1" nameend="c3"><b>Horizontal Pod Autoscaler
                                (HPA)</b><p>These parameters define the HPA configuration for the
                                LDAP concentrator types of pods.</p></entry>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry>ldapconcentrator.hpa.minReplicas</entry>
                        <entry morerows="2">
                            <p>For definition, see table <b>Parameters with varying scope: Global
                                    or/and pod-type.</b></p>
                        </entry>
                        <entry/>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry>ldapconcentrator.hpa.maxReplicas</entry>
                        <entry/>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry>ldapconcentrator.hpa.averageUtilization</entry>
                        <entry/>
                    </row>
                </tbody>
            </tgroup>
        </table>
        <p>The following table describes the parameters of the LDAP plugin  section.</p>
        <table frame="all" rowsep="1" colsep="1" id="table_y1w_pfg_wkb">
            <title>LDAP plugin  parameters</title>
            <tgroup cols="3">
                <colspec colname="c1" colnum="1" colwidth="1.2*"/>
                <colspec colname="c2" colnum="2" colwidth="2.25*"/>
                <colspec colname="c3" colnum="3" colwidth="1*"/>
                <thead>
                    <row>
                        <entry>Parameter</entry>
                        <entry>Description</entry>
                        <entry>Update notes<p>Must update / Modify default if needed / Do not
                                modify</p></entry>
                    </row>
                </thead>
                <tbody>
                    <row>
                        <entry>ldapplugin.jvmheap</entry>
                        <entry>The size, in MB, to allocate for the LDAP plugin  Java VM.</entry>
                        <entry/>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry namest="c1" nameend="c3"><b>Horizontal Pod Autoscaler
                                (HPA)</b><p>These parameters define the HPA configuration for the
                                LDAP plugin types of pods.</p></entry>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry>ldapplugin.hpa.minReplicas</entry>
                        <entry morerows="2">
                            <p>For definition, see table <b>Parameters with varying scope: Global
                                    or/and pod-type.</b></p>
                        </entry>
                        <entry/>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry>ldapplugin.hpa.maxReplicas</entry>
                        <entry/>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry>ldapplugin.hpa.averageUtilization</entry>
                        <entry/>
                    </row>
                </tbody>
            </tgroup>
        </table>
        <table frame="all" rowsep="1" colsep="1" id="table_cqt_hdf_flb">
            <title>CSDC  parameters</title>
            <tgroup cols="3">
                <colspec colname="c1" colnum="1" colwidth="1*"/>
                <colspec colname="c2" colnum="2" colwidth="1*"/>
                <colspec colname="c3" colnum="3" colwidth="1*"/>
                <thead>
                    <row>
                        <entry>Parameter</entry>
                        <entry>Description</entry>
                        <entry>Update notes<p>Must update / Modify default if needed / Do not
                                modify</p></entry>
                    </row>
                </thead>
                <tbody>
                    <row>
                        <entry>csdc.service.StorageClass</entry>
                        <entry/>
                        <entry/>
                    </row>
                </tbody>
            </tgroup>
        </table>
    </conbody>
</concept>
