<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
		<concept id="id9YZ-09018-IN00-RJZZA-Bootstrap-MariaDB-section"><title>Bootstrap MariaDB</title><conbody id="Bootstrap-MariaDB-section">

<p>The Bootstrap MariaDB section is used for configuring parameters for Bootstrap MariaDB component. The following table describes the parameters of the Bootstrap MariaDB section.</p>
<note>

<p>Do not remove the parameters.</p>
</note>
<table id="Bootstrap-MariaDB-table" pgwide="1" rowsep="1" colsep="1"><title>Bootstrap MariaDB parameters descriptions</title>

<tgroup cols="3">
<colspec colname="col1"/>
<colspec colname="COLSPEC3"/>
<colspec colname="COLSPEC0"/>
<thead>
<row>
<entry>
Parameter
</entry>
<entry>
Description
</entry>
<entry>
Update notes
</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
                    <row>
                        <entry>mariadb/bootstrap_nodes/keys</entry>
                        <entry>If Resource Naming Convention 4 is used during installation on
                            VMWare, then take care of complete hostname of ioho nodes.  </entry>
                        <entry>Modify if needed.</entry>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry namest="col1" nameend="COLSPEC0"><b>Add Users</b><p>This parameter is
                                a collection of records of MariaDB users that must be added to the
                                database at installation time. This parameter contains two
                                predefined users.</p></entry>
                    </row>
<row>
<entry>Grant Object </entry>
<entry>
This parameter defines the DB object to which a user is given access.
</entry>
<entry>
Do not modify.
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>Grant Privilege </entry>
<entry>
This parameter defines whether or not a user is granted any privileges.
</entry>
<entry>
Do not modify.
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>Host </entry>
<entry>
This parameter defines the host. If this parameter is left blank, than the user is given access from any host.
</entry>
<entry>
Do not modify.
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>Password </entry>
<entry>
This parameter defines user password.
</entry>
<entry>
Do not modify.
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>User </entry>
<entry>
This parameter defines username.
</entry>
<entry>
Do not modify.
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>User <i>alma</i>
                        </entry>
<entry>
This parameter defines the database user for alarms.
</entry>
<entry>
Do not modify.
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>User <i>sa</i>
                        </entry>
<entry>
This parameter defines the database user for Web SSO service.
</entry>
<entry>
Do not modify.
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry nameend="COLSPEC0" namest="col1">
<p>
<b>Built-in Users</b>
</p>
<p>This parameter is a collection of records of built-in users for MariaDB. Each record contains a password and a username.</p>
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>User <i>root</i>
                        </entry>
<entry>
This parameter defines MariaDB root user. The password for this user applies to all root users for all hosts during database installation. The root user password must be the same for all the hosts in a cluster or a replication set.
</entry>
<entry>
Do not modify the username and the password.
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>User <i>repl@b.c</i>
                        </entry>
<entry>
This parameter defines the default replication user, which is assigned in the database during installation in a replication configuration. 
</entry>
<entry>
Do not modify the username and the password.
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>User <i>maxscale</i>
                        </entry>
<entry>
This parameter defines the user for MaxScale monitoring and management task for a database cluster.
</entry>
<entry>
Do not modify the username and the password.
</entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</conbody></concept>