<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
		<concept id="id9YZ-09018-IN00-RJZZA-d1e4043"><title>Installation artifacts</title><conbody>

<section><title>Overview</title>

<p>This section describes the artifacts required for the NCC installation in OpenStack and VMware. </p>
<note>

<p>To update the configuration files and generate the VNF artifacts used for the NCC installation,
                    refer to and use the NCC VNF Artifacts Generator Tool Guide. Once the artifacts
                    are generated, see
                        <!--xref URI: ../Chapters/c-install-installing_and_configuring_VNF.xml#Chapter-installation--><xref
                        keyref="id9YZ-09018-IN00-RJZZA-Chapter-installation"/> to proceed with the
                    NCC installation using the cloud platform applicable to your deployment.</p>
</note>
<p>The following table lists the NCC installation artifacts.</p>
<table rowsep="1" colsep="1"><title>Artifacts</title>

<tgroup cols="3">
<colspec colname="col1"/>
<colspec colname="COLSPEC0"/>
<colspec colname="col2"/>
<thead>
<row>
<entry>
Artifact
</entry>
<entry>
OpenStack
</entry>
<entry>
VMware
</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry>
Images
</entry>
<entry>
yes
</entry>
<entry>
yes
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
Cloud Service Archive (CSAR)  packages
</entry>
<entry>
yes
</entry>
<entry>
yes
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
Scalable files
</entry>
<entry>
yes
</entry>
<entry>
yes
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
VNF Extension files
</entry>
<entry>
yes
</entry>
<entry>
yes
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
Open Virtualization Format (OVF) files
</entry>
<entry>
no
</entry>
<entry>
yes
</entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
<p>
<codeph/>
</p>
<p>The following table lists the images for the NCC installation in OpenStack and VMware.</p>
<table id="Images" pgwide="1" colsep="1" rowsep="1"><title>Images</title>

<tgroup cols="3">
<colspec colname="col3"/>
<colspec colname="col4"/>
<colspec colname="col5"/>
<thead>
<row>
<entry>
VM name segment
</entry>
<entry>
Image name 
</entry>
<entry>
Applies to
</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry>
oame
</entry>
<entry> &lt;NCC&gt;.OAME </entry>
<entry>
SM ME IG
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
auxiliary
</entry>
<entry> &lt;NCC&gt;.AUXILIARY </entry>
<entry>
SM ME IG
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
ioho
</entry>
<entry> &lt;NCC&gt;.LOADBALANCER_SMIG </entry>
<entry>
SM IG
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
ioho
</entry>
<entry> &lt;NCC&gt;.LOADBALANCER_ME </entry>
<entry>
ME
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
iohd
</entry>
<entry> &lt;NCC&gt;.DIAMETER_IOH </entry>
<entry>
ME IG
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
db
</entry>
<entry> &lt;NCC&gt;.DATABASE </entry>
<entry>
SM ME IG
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
cdr
</entry>
<entry> &lt;NCC&gt;.CDR </entry>
<entry>
ME IG
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
diameterapp
</entry>
<entry> &lt;NCC&gt;.POLICY_CHARGING_APP </entry>
<entry>
ME IG
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
comsvc
</entry>
<entry> &lt;NCC&gt;.COMMON_SERVICES </entry>
<entry>
ME IG
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry rowsep="0">
smapp
</entry>
<entry rowsep="0"> &lt;NCC&gt;.SM_APP </entry>
<entry rowsep="0">
SM IG
</entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
<p>The installation artifacts are used in accordance with the following:</p><ul>

<li>
<p>CSAR packages, VNF Extension files, Scalable files and images are aligned with each other and must be of the same version.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>CSAR packages, VNF Extension files and Scalable files differ by site type and specific to ME, SM and IG sites.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Each site requires its own Scalable file and its own VNF Extension file.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>If the same network topology and cloud resources are used for all the ME sites in your deployment, then you can use the same ME CSAR package for all the ME sites, the same SM CSAR package for all the SM sites and the same IG CSAR package for all the IG sites in your deployment.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p id="Installation-artifacts">MD5 files are available to verify the images and the configuration files. Every image has a corresponding MD5 file and every configuration file has a corresponding MD5 file.</p>
</li>
</ul>
</section>
</conbody></concept>