<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
		<concept id="id9YZ-09018-IN00-RJZZA-SNMP_worksheet"><title>SNMP section</title><conbody id="SNMP_worksheet">

<p>The SNMP section is used for configuring the SNMP parameters.</p>
<note>

<p>The following applies to the SNMP parameters:</p><ul>

<li>
<p>Do not remove the parameters.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>To update the SNMP parameters after VNF instantiation, contact Nokia Professional Services.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>The IP versions used for the SNMP parameters must align.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>The alarms component uses confd to monitor the SNMP parameters. If the SNMP parameters are manually changed after the deployment, then alarms automatically retrieve the new values from ETCD. The SNMP configuration files are updated automatically.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>The SNMP users can be either v2c or v3, but not both at the same time.</p>
</li>
</ul>
</note>
<note>

<p>See the following:</p><ul>

<li>
<p>For information on how to configure passwords in SNMP v2c and SNMP v3 configurations with <codeph>fpm-password</codeph> tool, see <i>Operation, Administration and Maintenance Guide</i>.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>For information on ports, see section <i>Communication matrix</i> in <i>Overview Guide</i>.</p>
</li>
</ul>
</note>
<note>

<p>New NetAct is compatible with FastPass and refers to NetAct19 SP1907 or later versions, and old NetAct refers to NetAct18A SP1810 or earlier versions.</p>
</note>
<note>

<p>Configuration of the snmp/users/v3 parameter can only be done after an installation or software upgrade.</p>
</note>
<p>The following table describes the parameters of the SNMP section.</p>
<table id="SNMP-parameters" pgwide="1" colsep="1" rowsep="1" scale="80">
			<title>SNMP parameters descriptions</title>
			<tgroup cols="3">
				<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*"/>
				<colspec colname="COLSPEC3" colwidth="3.54*"/>
				<colspec colname="COLSPEC0" colwidth="1*"/>
				<thead>
					<row>
						<entry>Parameter</entry>
						<entry>Description</entry>
						<entry>
							Update notes
						</entry>
					</row>
				</thead>
				<tbody>
					<row>
						<entry> alma/activeAlarmTableSize </entry>
						<entry> This parameter defines the size of the active alarm table. The value
							is integer and the value range is [1,1024]. The alarm table is
							configured in "k", which means that if this parameter’s value is 1k,
							then 1000 active alarms can be stored. If the value is 10k, then 10000
							active alarms can be stored. </entry>
						<entry> Modify if needed. </entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry> alma/alarmAdapterClasses </entry>
						<entry>
							<p>This parameter defines the alarm adapter settings. The value is a
								list of adapters separated by semicolon.</p>
							<p>Currently the following adapters are supported:</p>
							<ul>
								<li>
									<p>"com.nokia.cam.alma.adapter.cvea.CveaAdapter"</p>
								</li>
								<li>
									<p>"com.nokia.cam.alma.adapter.snmp4jagent.SNMPAgentAdapter"</p>
								</li>
							</ul>
						</entry>
						<entry> Do not modify. </entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>alma/backendStorage </entry>
						<entry> This parameter defines the backend storage type. The supported value
							is <varname>etcd</varname>. </entry>
						<entry> Do not modify. </entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry> alma/cveaAgentHosts </entry>
						<entry> This parameter defines Cvea Agents hosts. The value is a list of
							pairs of IP addresses and ports, which are separated by colon, of Cvea
							Agents. The pairs in this list are separated by comma, for example,
							“&lt;IP1&gt;:&lt;Port1&gt;,&lt;IP2&gt;:&lt;Port2&gt;,&lt;IP3&gt;:&lt;Port3&gt;". </entry>
						<entry> Do not modify. </entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>alma/kafkaTopic </entry>
						<entry> This parameter defines Kafka topic name which the producer sends to.
							This parameter must be set to “alma”. </entry>
						<entry> Do not modify. </entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>alma/kafka </entry>
						<entry> This parameter defines Kafka configurations when
							&lt;alma/messageSource&gt; is set to <varname>kafka</varname>. This
							parameter is set to “{}”. </entry>
						<entry> Do not modify. </entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>alma/mariadb </entry>
						<entry>
							<p>This parameter defines MariaDB configurations in
								&lt;alma/backendStorage&gt;.</p>
							<p>If &lt;alma/backendStorage&gt; is set to <varname>mariadb</varname>,
								this parameter must be defined as follows:</p>
							<ul>
								<li>
									<p>For SM and IG sites, the value is
											<varname>{"javax.persistence.jdbc.url":"jdbc:mariadb://&lt;IOHO
											internal VIP&gt;:3309/&lt;database
											name&gt;","javax.persistence.jdbc.user":"&lt;alarm user
											in
											DB&gt;","javax.persistence.jdbc.password":"&lt;Password
											for alarm user in
											DB&gt;","javax.persistence.jdbc.passphrase":"&lt;any
											passphrase&gt;"}</varname>
									</p>
								</li>
								<li>
									<p>For ME sites, the value is
											<varname>{"javax.persistence.jdbc.url":"jdbc:mariadb://&lt;IOHO
											internal VIP&gt;:3306/&lt;database
											name&gt;","javax.persistence.jdbc.user":"&lt;alarm user
											in
											DB&gt;","javax.persistence.jdbc.password":"&lt;Password
											for alarm user in
											DB&gt;","javax.persistence.jdbc.passphrase":"&lt;any
											passphrase&gt;"}</varname>
									</p>
								</li>
							</ul>
							<p>where:</p>
							<ul>
								<li>
									<p>&lt;alarm user in DB&gt; is the name of the database and must
										correspond to &lt;User alma&gt;, which is the database user
										for alarms defined in Bootstrap MariaDB section in &lt;Add
										Users&gt;. For more information, see
											<!--xref URI: #Bootstrap-MariaDB-table--><xref
											keyref="id9YZ-09018-IN00-RJZZA-Bootstrap-MariaDB-section/Bootstrap-MariaDB-table"
										/>.</p>
								</li>
								<li>
									<p>&lt;database name&gt; is the name of the database created by
										MariaDB. This parameter corresponds to &lt;key&gt; in
										&lt;mariadb/databases&gt; parameter and must be set to the
										same value: <varname>SPSMARIADB</varname>.</p>
								</li>
								<li>
									<p>&lt;Password for alarm user in DB&gt; is the password for
										database defined in &lt;alarm user in DB&gt;. This parameter
										must be the same as &lt;Password&gt; defined in Bootstrap
										MariaDB section in &lt;Add Users&gt;. This password must be
										encrypted using fpm-password tool. For more information, see
											<!--xref URI: #Bootstrap-MariaDB-table--><xref
											keyref="id9YZ-09018-IN00-RJZZA-Bootstrap-MariaDB-section/Bootstrap-MariaDB-table"
										/>. </p>
								</li>
							</ul>
						</entry>
						<entry> Do not modify. </entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>alma/messageSource </entry>
						<entry> This parameter defines the alarm message source. This parameter must
							be set to <varname>rsyslog</varname>. </entry>
						<entry> Do not modify. </entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>snmp/enablePortForwarding </entry>
						<entry>
							<p>This parameter defines the port forwarding rule. The supported values
								are <varname>Y</varname> and <varname>N</varname>
							</p>
							<p>where:</p>
							<ul>
								<li>
									<p>
										<varname>Y</varname> indicates that the port forwarding rule
										is compatible with legacy alarm behavior, which allows the
										alarm service to accept SNMP requests on UDP port 161.</p>
								</li>
								<li>
									<p>
										<varname>N</varname> indicates that the port forwarding rule
										is not compatible with legacy alarm behavior.</p>
								</li>
							</ul>
							<p>The old Netact used 161 port to send Alarm Upload requests. The new
								Netact uses 1161 port to send Alarm Upload requests.</p>
						</entry>
						<entry> Modify if needed. </entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>snmp/heartbeatInterval </entry>
						<entry>
							<p>This parameter defines the settings for the heartbeat trap interval.
								The value is a number.</p>
							<p>If this parameter is set to zero, then the heartbeat trap is not sent
								to configured SNMP v3 or v2c users. This parameter only takes effect
								if &lt;snmp/usedMib&gt; is set to
									<varname>NokiaEnhancedSnmpSolutionSuiteAlarmIrp</varname>.</p>
						</entry>
						<entry> Modify if needed. </entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>snmp/usedMib </entry>
						<entry>
							<p>This parameter defines the MIB object. The values are:</p>
							<ul>
								<li>
									<p>
										<varname>NokiaEmsMib</varname>
									</p>
								</li>
								<li>
									<p>
										<varname>NokiaEnhancedSnmpSolutionSuiteAlarmIrp</varname>
									</p>
								</li>
							</ul>
							<p>Depending on what version of NetAct is used, the values are assigned
								as follows:</p>
							<ul>
								<li>
									<p>If new NetAct is used, then the value is
											<varname>NokiaEnhancedSnmpSolutionSuiteAlarmIrp.</varname>
									</p>
								</li>
								<li>
									<p>If old NetAct is used, then the value is
											<varname>NokiaEmsMib</varname>.</p>
								</li>
							</ul>
							<p>For more information on MIB object, see section <i>Supported MIB</i>
								in the Operation, Administration and Maintenance Guide.</p>
						</entry>
						<entry> Modify if needed. </entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>snmp/trapSrcIPs </entry>
						<entry>
							<p>This parameter defines the VIP list for the SNMP trap source IP. If
								you do not need this parameter, this parameter must be set to its
								default value. This parameter is used to set the SNMP trap source IP
								to the OAME VM's VIPs. This parameter cannot be empty.</p>
							<p>As described in section
									<!--xref URI: t-install-intro-prerequisites.xml#Network-configuration--><xref
									keyref="id9YZ-09018-IN00-RJZZA-d1e893/Network-configuration"/>,
								an NCC site can be configured as follows:</p>
							<ul>
								<li>
									<p>one single OAME IPv4 external network and VIP(s)</p>
								</li>
								<li>
									<p>one single OAME IPv6 external network and VIP(s)</p>
								</li>
								<li>
									<p>two or more OAME IPv4 external networks and VIP(s)</p>
								</li>
								<li>
									<p>two or more OAME IPv6 external networks and VIP(s)</p>
								</li>
								<li>
									<p>one single OAME IPv4 external network and one or multiple
										VIPs and one single OAME IPv6 external network with one or
										multiple VIPs</p>
								</li>
								<li>
									<p>two or more OAME IPv4 external networks and VIP(s) and two or
										more OAME IPv6 external networks and VIP(s)</p>
								</li>
							</ul>
							<p>For SNMP on the Active OAME VM, the following conditions apply:</p>
							<ul>
								<li>
									<p>The trap source IP configured must bind to one of the network
										interfaces of the Active OAME VM.</p>
								</li>
								<li>
									<p>If IPv4 and IPv6 are used, then SNMP can only support a
										single IPv4 and a single IPv6 trap source IP at the same
										time.</p>
								</li>
							</ul>
							<p>Depending on the condition applied, the trap source IP address is
								assigned to one of the following values:</p>
							<ul>
								<li>
									<p>The default value does not configure any trap target IP. Just
										set it to “0.0.0.0”.<varname>{"vip_ipv4":"0.0.0.0",
											"vip_ipv6":""}</varname>
									</p>
								</li>
								<li>
									<p>If only IPv4 is used, <varname>{"vip_ipv4":"1.1.1.1",
											"vip_ipv6":""}</varname>
									</p>
								</li>
								<li>
									<p>If only IPv6 is used, <varname>{"vip_ipv4":"",
											"vip_ipv6":"1::1"}</varname>
									</p>
								</li>
								<li>
									<p>If both IPv4 and IPv6 are used,
											<varname>{"vip_ipv4":"1.1.1.1","vip_ipv6":"1::1"}</varname>
									</p>
								</li>
							</ul>
							<p>For information on compatibility with NetAct, see
									<!--xref URI: #SNMP_trap_source_IP_table--><xref
									keyref="id9YZ-09018-IN00-RJZZA-SNMP_worksheet/SNMP_trap_source_IP_table"
								/>.</p>
						</entry>
						<entry> Must modify the default value if this parameter is used. </entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>snmp/users/v2c </entry>
						<entry>
							<p>This parameter is used to configure the SNMP v2c users on OAME VMs.
								One or more multiple users can be configured at the same time.</p>
							<p>For more information on the fields of SNMP users, see
									<!--xref URI: #Table_SNMP_users--><xref
									keyref="id9YZ-09018-IN00-RJZZA-SNMP_worksheet/Table_SNMP_users"
								/>.</p>
							<p>The following is an example of how to configure this parameter:</p>
							<codeblock>"snmp/users/v2c": [
	{
		"snmp_sec_name":"public1",
		"snmp_community":"public",
		"snmp_manager_ip":"1.1.1.1",
		"trap_dst_port":""
	},
	{
		"snmp_sec_name":"public",
		"snmp_community":"public",
		"snmp_manager_ip":"2.2.2.2",
		"trap_dst_port":"162"
	}
]</codeblock>
							<p>In this example, the Active OAME VM sends SNMP traps to NetAct LBJBI
								server, which has 2.2.2.2 IP address, and port 162. The Active OAME
								VM receives SNMP requests from NetAct SBI_Common_Mediation server,
								which has 1.1.1.1 IP address. Common mediation server's
								configuration can be multiple. It depends on mediation server count
								on NMS.</p>
						</entry>
						<entry>
							<p>Must modify the default values if SNMP users are v2c.</p>
							<p>If SNMP users are v3, this parameter must be set to its default
								values. Do not remove or modify the default values.</p>
						</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry>snmp/users/v3 </entry>
						<entry>
							<p>This parameter is used to configure the SNMP v3 users on OAME VMs.
								One or multiple users can be configured at the same time.</p>
							<p>For more information on the fields of SNMP users, see
									<!--xref URI: #Table_SNMP_users--><xref
									keyref="id9YZ-09018-IN00-RJZZA-SNMP_worksheet/Table_SNMP_users"
								/>.</p>
							<p>The following is an example of how to configure this parameter:</p>
							<codeblock>"snmp/users/v3": [
	{
		"snmp_username":"initial_snm",
		"snmp_sec_level":"authPriv",
		"snmp_auth_protocol":"MD5",
		"snmp_auth_passwd":"U2FsdGVkX19Z4AkBC/oC1ncluA0+lSgjbnGiBJLQGAw=",
		"snmp_priv_protocol":"DES",
		"snmp_priv_passwd":"U2FsdGVkX19Z4AkBC/oC1ncluA0+lSgjbnGiBJLQGAw=",
		"snmp_passphrase": "test",
		"snmp_manager_ip":"1.2.3.4",
		"trap_dst_port":"162"
	},
{
		"snmp_username":"initial_snm1",
		"snmp_sec_level":"authPriv",
		"snmp_auth_protocol":"MD5",
		"snmp_auth_passwd":"U2FsdGVkX19Z4AkBC/oC1ncluA0+lSgjbnGiBJLQGAw=",
		"snmp_priv_protocol":"DES",
		"snmp_priv_passwd":"U2FsdGVkX19Z4AkBC/oC1ncluA0+lSgjbnGiBJLQGAw=",
		"snmp_passphrase": "test",
		"snmp_manager_ip":"1.2.3.9",
		"trap_dst_port":""
	}
]</codeblock>
							<p>In this example, the Active OAME VM sends SNMP traps to NetAct LBJBI
								server, which has 1.2.3.4 IP address, and port 162. The Active OAME
								VM receives SNMP requests from NetAct SBI_Common_Mediation server,
								which has 1.2.3.9 IP address.Common mediation server's configuration
								can be multiple. It depends on mediation server count on NMS.</p>
						</entry>
						<entry>
							<p>Must modify the default values if SNMP users are v3.</p>
							<p>If SNMP users are v2c, this parameter must be set to its default
								values. Do not remove or modify the default values.</p>
							<p>After installation the values of &lt;snmp_auth_passwd&gt;,
								&lt;snmp_priv_passwd&gt; and &lt;snmp_passphrase&gt; fields must be
								updated with the new values, which are generated using encrypted
								passwords and fpm-password tool. For information on fpm-password
								tool, see <i>Operation, Administration and Maintenance
								Guide</i>.</p>
						</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry> snmp/ianaNumber </entry>
						<entry>
							<p>This parameter is only applicable when “NokiaEmsMib” value is used
								for &lt;snmp/usedMib&gt;.</p>
							<p>The value of this parameter depends on the type of SNMP Manager and
								SNMP Manager’s version. If SNMP Manager is NetAct and its version is
								18A SP1810 or higher, then value of this parameter must be set as
								28458. If an earlier version of NetAct is used, then value of this
								parameter must be set as 1751.</p>
						</entry>
						<entry> Modify if needed. </entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry> snmp/engineId </entry>
						<entry>
							<p>This parameter uniquely identifies any VNF on any network management
								system (NMS).</p>
							<p>The value can be any alphanumeric value in the range from 5 to 32
								characters [5,32], but this value must be unique for each VNF. This
								parameter allows NetAct to identify from which VNF an alarm is
								coming.</p>
						</entry>
						<entry> If you are configuring an NMS such as NetAct, this value cannot be
							blank. </entry>
					</row>
				</tbody>
			</tgroup>
		</table>
<note>

<p/><ul>

<li>
<p>You must retain all the fields for v2c and v3 users. Unused fields must have their values set to the empty string "".</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>The blank spaces in all the SNMP fields are eliminated when the parameters are configured.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>New NetAct is compatible with FastPass and refers to NetAct19 SP1907 or later versions, and old NetAct refers to NetAct18A SP1810 or earlier versions.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Section <!--xref URI: #SNMP-users-example--><xref keyref="id9YZ-09018-IN00-RJZZA-SNMP_worksheet/SNMP-users-example"/> provides the example of how to configure the SNMP v2c and v3 users.</p>
</li>
</ul>
</note>
<p>The following table describes the SNMP v2c and v3 users that must be configured with customer values.</p>
<table id="Table_SNMP_users" pgwide="1" rowsep="1" colsep="1"><title>SNMP v2c and v3 users</title>

<tgroup cols="2">
<colspec colname="col1"/>
<colspec colname="COLSPEC3"/>
<thead>
<row>
<entry>
Field
</entry>
<entry>
Description
</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry nameend="COLSPEC3" namest="col1">

<b>v2c and v3 users</b>

</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
snmp_manager_ip
</entry>
<entry>
<p>Both IPv4 or IPv6 are supported for this parameter.</p>
<p>The following is based on the example from <!--xref URI: #SNMP-parameters--><xref keyref="id9YZ-09018-IN00-RJZZA-SNMP_worksheet/SNMP-parameters"/>.</p>
<p>The following values are supported.</p><ul>

<li>
<p>If &lt;snmp_username&gt; is "initial_snm", then &lt;"snmp_manager_ip":"1.2.3.4"&gt; and &lt;"trap_dst_port":"162"&gt; are NetAct's LBJBI server IP address and port 162.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>If &lt;snmp_username&gt; is "initial_snm1", then &lt;"snmp_manager_ip":"1.2.3.4"&gt; are NetAct's SBI_Common_Mediation server IP address.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p>The Active OAME VM sends SNMP traps to NetAct's LBJBI server IP address and port 162. </p>
<p>The Active OAME VM receives SNMP requests from NetAct SBI_Common_Mediation server’s IP address.</p>
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
trap_dst_port
</entry>
<entry> Configure this field if you want to set the trap destination port. If this field left blank,
							then the NCC does not send SNMP alarm traps to the configured SNMP
							Manager IP. </entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry nameend="COLSPEC3" namest="col1">

<b>v2c users</b>

</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
snmp_sec_name
</entry>
<entry>
If v2c users are used, you must modify the default value.
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
snmp_community
</entry>
<entry>
If v2c users are used, you must modify the default value.
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry nameend="COLSPEC3" namest="col1">

<b>v3 users</b>

</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
snmp_username
</entry>
<entry>
If v3 users are used, you must modify the default value.
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
snmp_sec_level
</entry>
<entry>
<p>The following values are supported:</p><ul>

<li>
<p>"noAuthNoPriv"</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>"authNoPriv"</p>
</li>
<li>
<p> "authPriv"</p>
</li>
</ul>
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
snmp_auth_protocol
</entry>
<entry>
<p>The following values are supported:</p><ul>

<li>
<p>"MD5"</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>"SHA"</p>
</li>
</ul>
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
snmp_priv_protocol
</entry>
<entry>
<p>The following values are supported:</p><ul>

<li>
<p>"DES"</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>"AES" </p>
</li>
</ul>
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry nameend="COLSPEC3" namest="col1">
<p>
<b>SNMP password fields</b>
</p>
<p>SNMP passwords are encrypted with fpm-password tool. For information on fpm-password tool and how to use it, see <i>Operation, Administration and Maintenance Guide</i>.</p>
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
snmp_priv_passwd
</entry>
<entry>
This parameter defines part of the secure management of SNMPv3 and allows to configure the user-based privacy that is part of the protection level on a transaction-by-transaction basis. The priv password is provided by NetAct and must be at least eight characters.  Then the priv password is encrypted with fpm-password tool and the encrypted value is used as the value for this parameter.
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
snmp_auth_passwd
</entry>
<entry>
This parameter defines part of the secure management of SNMPv3 and allows to configure the user-based authentication that is part of the protection level on a transaction-by-transaction basis.  The value is provided by NetAct and must be at least eight characters.  Then the auth password is encrypted with fpm-password tool and the encrypted value is used as the value for this parameter.
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
snmp_passphrase
</entry>
<entry>
<p>This parameter defines a string that is used to encrypt or decrypt &lt;snmp_priv_passwd&gt; and &lt;snmp_auth_passwd&gt;.</p>
<p>The value is an arbitrary string.</p>
<p>To decrypt the password, the same &lt;snmp_passphrase&gt; must be used that was used to encrypt that password.</p>
</entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
<p>
<codeph/>
</p>
<p>The following table describes the SNMP trap communication that occurs between the Active OAME VM and NetAct.</p>
<table id="SNMP_trap_source_IP_table" pgwide="1" colsep="1" rowsep="1"><title>SNMP trap description</title>

<tgroup cols="4">
<colspec colname="col1"/>
<colspec colname="col2"/>
<colspec colname="col3"/>
<colspec colname="COLSPEC0"/>
<thead>
<row>
<entry>
SNMP trap destination/ NetAct IP address
</entry>
<entry>
SNMP trap source IP address( OAME VIP)
</entry>
<entry>
Description
</entry>
<entry>
Troubleshooting actions
</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry>
IPv4
</entry>
<entry>
IPv4 
</entry>
<entry>
The trap is sent to the IPv4 address of NetAct with the IPv4 VIP address of OAME as the source IP address.
</entry>
<entry/>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
IPv4
</entry>
<entry>
Empty
</entry>
<entry>
The fixed IPv4 address of the Active OAME VM is set as the source IP address of the trap.
</entry>
<entry>
You must enter the source IP address of the trap in the configuration file.
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
IPv4
</entry>
<entry>
IPv6
</entry>
<entry>
The fixed IPv4 address of the Active OAME VM is set as the source IP address of the trap. The IPv6 VIP is not used.
</entry>
<entry>
You must align the source and destination IP address formats of the trap.
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
IPv4
</entry>
<entry>
IPv4, IPv6
</entry>
<entry>
The trap is sent to the IPv4 address of NetAct with the IPv4 VIP address of OAME as the source IP address.
</entry>
<entry/>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
IPv6
</entry>
<entry>
IPv4
</entry>
<entry>
The fixed IPv6 address of the Active OAME VM is set as the source IP address of the trap. The IPv4 VIP is not used.
</entry>
<entry>
You must align the source and destination IP address formats of the trap.
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
IPv6
</entry>
<entry>
IPv6 
</entry>
<entry>
The trap is sent to the IPv6 address of NetAct with the IPv6 VIP address of OAME as the source IP address.
</entry>
<entry/>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
IPv6
</entry>
<entry>
Empty
</entry>
<entry>
The fixed IPv6 address of the Active OAME VM is set as the source IP address of the trap.
</entry>
<entry>
You must enter the source IP address of the trap in the configuration file.
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
IPv6
</entry>
<entry>
IPv4, IPv6
</entry>
<entry>
The trap is sent to the IPv6 address of NetAct with the IPv6 VIP address of OAME as the source IP address.
</entry>
<entry/>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
IPv4, IPv6
</entry>
<entry>
IPv4
</entry>
<entry>
Two traps are sent. One trap is sent to the IPv4 address of NetAct with the IPv4 VIP address of OAME as the source IP address. The other trap is sent to the IPv6 address of NetAct with the fixed IPv6 of the Active OAME VM as the source IP address.
</entry>
<entry/>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
IPv4, IPv6
</entry>
<entry>
IPv6
</entry>
<entry>
Two traps are sent. One trap is sent to the IPv4 address of NetAct with the fixed IPv4 of the Active OAME VM as the  source IP address. The other trap is sent to the IPv6 address of NetAct with the IPv6 VIP of OAME .as the source IP address.
</entry>
<entry/>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
IPv4, IPv6
</entry>
<entry>
Empty
</entry>
<entry>
Two traps are sent. One trap is sent to the IPv4 address of NetAct with the fixed IPv4 of the Active OAME VM. as the source IP address. The other trap is sent to the IPv6 address of NetAct with the fixed IPv6 of the Active OAME VM as the source IP address.
</entry>
<entry>
You must enter the source IP address of the trap in the configuration file.
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
IPv4, IPv6
</entry>
<entry>
IPv4, IPv6
</entry>
<entry>
Two traps are sent. One trap is sent to the IPv4 address of NetAct with the IPv4 VIP of OAME as the source IP address. The other trap is sent to the IPv6 address of NetAct with the IPv6 VIP of OAME as the source IP address.
</entry>
<entry/>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
<section id="SNMP-users-example">
<title>SNMP/users parameters and NetAct system redundancy</title>
<p>NetAct system redundancy is a supported setup when interacting with the NCC. The following
				example shows how to update the SNMP/users parameter with NetAct values when two
				NetAct systems are used for redundancy.</p>
<note>

<p>The values in the following table are not real NetAct values; these values are used as an example.</p>
</note>
<table pgwide="1" colsep="1" rowsep="1"><title>SNMP/user parameters values</title>

<tgroup cols="3">
<colspec colname="col1"/>
<colspec colname="col2"/>
<colspec colname="COLSPEC0"/>
<thead>
<row>
<entry>
Field
</entry>
<entry>
Value
</entry>
<entry>
Notes
</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry>
snmp_priv_passwd
</entry>
<entry>
"U2FsdGVkX19Z4AkBC/oC1ncluA0+lSgjbnGiBJLQGAw="
</entry>
<entry>
If v3 is used, this field must be encrypted with fpm-password tool.
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
snmp_auth_passwd
</entry>
<entry>
"U2FsdGVkX19Z4AkBC/oC1ncluA0+lSgjbnGiBJLQGAw="
</entry>
<entry>
If v3 is used, this field must be encrypted fpm-password tool .
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
snmp_manager_ip
</entry>
<entry>
<p>The values are:</p><ul>

<li>
<p>IP addresses of the two SBI_COMMON_MEDIATION servers: 1.1.1.1 and 2.2.2.2</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>IP addresses of the two LBJBI_server: 3.3.3.3 and 4.4.4.4</p>
</li>
</ul>
</entry>
<entry/>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
snmp_username 
</entry>
<entry>
a, b,c,d
</entry>
<entry/>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
<p>For provisioning pre-instantiate, preserve the default order of name/value pairs. In the following example, the v3 users are configured as SNMP users before instantiation.</p>
<fig id="snmp-example">
<title>SNMP users configured before instantiation</title>
<codeblock>"snmp/users/v3":[
	{
		"snmp_username":"a",
		"snmp_sec_level":"authPriv",
		"snmp_auth_protocol":"MD5",
		"snmp_auth_passwd":"U2FsdGVkX19Z4AkBC/oC1ncluA0+lSgjbnGiBJLQGAw=",
		"snmp_priv_protocol":"DES",
		"snmp_priv_passwd":"U2FsdGVkX19Z4AkBC/oC1ncluA0+lSgjbnGiBJLQGAw=",
		"snmp_passphrase": "test",
		"snmp_manager_ip":"3.3.3.3",
		"trap_dst_port":"162"
	},
{
		"snmp_username":"b",
		"snmp_sec_level":"authPriv",
		"snmp_auth_protocol":"MD5",
		"snmp_auth_passwd":"U2FsdGVkX19Z4AkBC/oC1ncluA0+lSgjbnGiBJLQGAw=",
		"snmp_priv_protocol":"DES",
		"snmp_priv_passwd":"U2FsdGVkX19Z4AkBC/oC1ncluA0+lSgjbnGiBJLQGAw=",
		"snmp_passphrase": "test",
		"snmp_manager_ip":"1.1.1.1",
		"trap_dst_port":""
	},
	{
		"snmp_username":"c",
		"snmp_sec_level":"authPriv",
		"snmp_auth_protocol":"MD5",
		"snmp_auth_passwd":"U2FsdGVkX19Z4AkBC/oC1ncluA0+lSgjbnGiBJLQGAw=",
		"snmp_priv_protocol":"DES",
		"snmp_priv_passwd":"U2FsdGVkX19Z4AkBC/oC1ncluA0+lSgjbnGiBJLQGAw=",
		"snmp_passphrase": "test",
		"snmp_manager_ip":"4.4.4.4",
		"trap_dst_port":"162"
	},
{
		"snmp_username":"d",
		"snmp_sec_level":"authPriv",
		"snmp_auth_protocol":"MD5",
		"snmp_auth_passwd":"U2FsdGVkX19Z4AkBC/oC1ncluA0+lSgjbnGiBJLQGAw=",
		"snmp_priv_protocol":"DES",
		"snmp_priv_passwd":"U2FsdGVkX19Z4AkBC/oC1ncluA0+lSgjbnGiBJLQGAw=",
		"snmp_passphrase": "test",
		"snmp_manager_ip":"2.2.2.2",
		"trap_dst_port":""
	}
],
"snmp/users/v2c": []</codeblock>
</fig>
</section>
</conbody></concept>