<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="id9YZ-09018-IN00-RJZZA-BR-MariaDB">
	<title>Performing backup and restore for MariaDB</title>
	<taskbody id="d1e12615">
		<context>
			<sectiondiv>
				<p><b>Overview</b></p>
				<p>This procedure provides instructions on how to back up and restore MariaDB during
					installation of the NCC with two geo-redundant SM or IG sites. In this procedure
					the first SM Geo site is called site1. The second SM or IG Geo site is called
					site2. This procedure uses <codeph>mariadb-tools.sh</codeph> tool. For more
					information about this tool, see <i>Operation, Administration, and Maintenance
						Guide</i>.</p>
				<p>This procedure assumes that no provisioning occurs on site2.</p>
			</sectiondiv>
			<note>
				<p>Before copying any files to any NCC VMs, you must execute <codeph>df</codeph> and
						<codeph>du</codeph> Linux commands to determine the available storage and
					whether or not the copying of new files can proceed. For information on how to
					use <codeph>df</codeph> (disk free) and <codeph>du</codeph> (disk usage), see
					Linux manual page by entering <codeph>man df</codeph> and <codeph>man
						du</codeph> as root user. There are two storage directories that can be used
					on any VM: </p>
				<ul>
					<li>
						<p>
							<filepath>/appdata</filepath> directory, which is mounted to Cinder
							volume for OpenStack and Independent disk for VMware.</p>
					</li>
					<li>
						<p>
							<filepath>/var/log</filepath> directory, which is mounted to the Cinder
							volume for OpenStack and Independent disk for VMware).</p>
					</li>
				</ul>
				<p>However, any other directory can also be used as long as that directory has
					sufficient space left to store the backup file. If there is enough storage
					available, proceed with the copying of new files. When you have completed the
					task, clean-up the files that are no longer needed. If there is not enough
					space, either do some clean-up or contact Nokia Support.</p>
			</note>
			<note>During this procedure, after restore command is executed, mysql process goes down since
				MariaDB stops in between, but later comes up. This procedure waits for mysql to come
				up every 5 secs and waits for a maximum of 20 mins, after which the procedure
				exits.</note>
			<p>To back up and restore MariaDB:</p>
		</context>
		<steps>
			<step>
				<cmd>Log in as root user to any IOHO VM of site1 and find the Slave IOHO VM by
					entering:</cmd>
				<info>
					<p>
						<codeph>maxadmin list servers</codeph>
					</p>
				</info>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>Log in as root user to any IOHO VM of site1 using the fixed IP address and
					count the replicated data on site1 by entering:</cmd>
				<info>
					<p>
						<codeph>/opt/tpa/bin/mariadb-tools.sh -u sa -p sa -d SPSMARIADB -c</codeph>
					</p>
					<note>
						<p>For more information about <codeph>mariadb-tools.sh</codeph> tool, see
								<i>Operation, Administration, and Maintenance Guide</i>.</p>
					</note>
				</info>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>Ensure that you are logged in to the Master IOHO VM of site1 using the fixed IP
					address, and then back up site1 by entering:</cmd>
				<info>
					<p>
						<codeph>/opt/tpa/bin/mariadb-tools.sh -u sa -p sa -d SPSMARIADB -b -f
							&lt;fullpathfilename&gt;</codeph>
					</p>
					<p>For example,</p>
					<p>
						<codeph>[root@sps-sm-2-ioho-0 ~]# /opt/tpa/bin/mariadb-tools.sh -b -u sa -p
							sa -d SPSMARIADB -f /appdata/backupsm2.tgz </codeph>
					</p>
					<p>
						<b>Expected outcome</b>
					</p>
					<p>The backup file <filepath>backupsm2.tgz</filepath> is created in
							<filepath>/appdata</filepath> directory.</p>
					<p>
						<systemoutput>Tue Jun 9 08:31:15 2020: INFO: Tool mariadb-tools.sh start
							time : 2020-06-09 08:31:15,290  </systemoutput>
					</p>
					<p>
						<systemoutput>Tue Jun 9 08:31:15 2020: INFO: Maxscale Master on HA Active.
						</systemoutput>
					</p>
					<p>
						<systemoutput>Tue Jun 9 08:31:15 2020: INFO: Finding replicated data
							counts.</systemoutput>
					</p>
					<p>
						<systemoutput>Tue Jun 9 08:31:16 2020: INFO: Count of rows in replicated
							tables on host:sps-sm-1-ioho-1:1227 </systemoutput>
					</p>
					<p>
						<systemoutput>Tue Jun 9 08:31:18 2020: INFO: Count of rows in replicated
							tables on host:sps-sm-1-ioho-0:1227</systemoutput>
					</p>
					<p>
						<systemoutput>Tue Jun 9 08:31:18 2020: INFO: Backup will be done in
							/appdata/backupsm2.tgz, For detailed logs refer to
							/opt/tpa/logs/MariaDBbackuptool.log.</systemoutput>
					</p>
					<p>
						<systemoutput>Tue Jun 9 08:31:22 2020: INFO: Backup successfully done in
							/appdata/backupsm2.tgz.</systemoutput>
					</p>
					<p>
						<systemoutput>Tue Jun 9 08:31:22 2020: INFO: Tool mariadb-tools.sh end time:
							2020-06-09 08:31:22,396</systemoutput>
					</p>
				</info>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>Transfer the data backup file from site1 to Master IOHO VM of site2.</cmd>
				<info/>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>
					<draft-comment>FIXME - put an instruction here</draft-comment>
				</cmd>
				<info>
					<note>
						<p>Do this step on Master IOHO VM on site2. The tool trasfers the backup file on other IOHO
							VM.</p>
					</note>
					<p>Log in to Master IOHO VM of site2 with the fixed IP address and Restore site by
						entering:</p>
					<p>
						<codeph>/opt/tpa/bin/mariadb-tools.sh -r -u sa -p sa -d SPSMARIADB -f
							&lt;fullpathfilename&gt;</codeph>
					</p>
					<p>For example,</p>
					<p>
						<codeph>[root@sps-sm-2-ioho-1 ~]# /opt/tpa/bin/mariadb-tools.sh -r -u sa -p
							sa -d SPSMARIADB -f /appdata/abc.tgz</codeph>
					</p>
					<p>
						<b>Expected outcome</b>
					</p>
					<p>
						<systemoutput>[root@sps-sm-1-ioho-1 ~]# /opt/tpa/bin/mariadb-tools.sh -r -u
							sa -p sa -d SPSMARIADB -r -f /appdata/backupsm2.tgz</systemoutput>
					</p>
					<p>
						<systemoutput>Mon Jun 8 11:28:28 2020: INFO: Tool mariadb-tools.sh start
							time : 2020-06-08 11:28:28,372 </systemoutput>
					</p>
					<p>
						<systemoutput>Mon Jun 8 11:28:28 2020: INFO: Maxscale Master on HA Active.
						</systemoutput>
					</p>
					<p>
						<systemoutput>Mon Jun 8 11:28:28 2020: WARN: This command will stop Geo
							replication, will restore data, will resume replication, detailed logs
							in /opt/tpa/logs/MariaDBbackuptool.log. </systemoutput>
					</p>
					<p>
						<systemoutput>Do you wish to proceed? n [y,n,?,q] y </systemoutput>
					</p>
					<p>
						<systemoutput>Mon Jun 8 11:28:30 2020: INFO: Finding replicated data counts.
						</systemoutput>
					</p>
					<p>
						<systemoutput>Mon Jun 8 11:28:31 2020: INFO: Count of rows in replicated
							tables on host:sps-sm-1-ioho-1:1227</systemoutput>
					</p>
					<p>
						<systemoutput>Mon Jun 8 11:28:33 2020: INFO: Count of rows in replicated
							tables on host:sps-sm-1-ioho-0:1227</systemoutput>
					</p>
					<p>
						<systemoutput>Mon Jun 8 11:28:33 2020: INFO: Stopping the slave to disable
							Geo-replication. </systemoutput>
					</p>
					<p>
						<systemoutput>Mon Jun 8 11:28:33 2020: INFO: Starting on
							nodes:sps-sm-1-ioho-0 sps-sm-1-ioho-1 command: /usr/bin/maxscale_adm
							--disable --stop-slave >/dev/null 2>/dev/null.</systemoutput>
					</p>
					<p>
						<systemoutput>Mon Jun 8 11:28:36 2020: /usr/bin/maxscale_adm --disable
							--stop-slave >/dev/null 2>/dev/null executed successfully on nodes
							sps-sm-1-ioho-0 sps-sm-1-ioho-1. </systemoutput>
					</p>
					<p>
						<systemoutput>Mon Jun 8 11:28:36 2020: /usr/lib/maxscale/maxscale_lib.py
							--maxscale-service=stop >/dev/null 2>/dev/null executed successfully on
							nodes sps-sm-1-ioho-0 sps-sm-1-ioho-1. </systemoutput>
					</p>
					<p>
						<systemoutput>Mon Jun 8 11:28:36 2020: INFO: Finding replicated data counts.
						</systemoutput>
					</p>
					<p>
						<systemoutput>Mon Jun 8 11:28:37 2020: INFO: Count of rows in replicated
							tables on host:sps-sm-1-ioho-1:1227 </systemoutput>
					</p>
					<p>
						<systemoutput>Mon Jun 8 11:28:40 2020: INFO: Count of rows in replicated
							tables on host:sps-sm-1-ioho-0:1227</systemoutput>
					</p>
					<p>
						<systemoutput>Mon Jun 8 11:28:40 2020: INFO: Starting the restore operation,
							for detailed logs, refer to /opt/tpa/logs/MariaDBbackuptool.log.
						</systemoutput>
					</p>
					<p>
						<systemoutput>Mon Jun 8 11:28:40 2020: INFO: Starting restore on
							sps-sm-1-ioho-0 sps-sm-1-ioho-1. </systemoutput>
					</p>
					<p>
						<systemoutput>Mon Jun 8 11:28:41 2020: INFO: Starting on
							nodes:sps-sm-1-ioho-0 sps-sm-1-ioho-1 command: mariadb_db_backup
							--restore --all --file /appdata/backupsm2.tgz >>
							/opt/tpa/logs/MariaDBbackuptool.log 2>&amp;1.  </systemoutput>
					</p>
					<p>
						<systemoutput>Mon Jun 8 11:28:57 2020: Restore command executed successfully
							on nodes sps-sm-1-ioho-0 sps-sm-1-ioho-1.  </systemoutput>
					</p>
					<p>
						<systemoutput>Mon Jun 8 11:28:57 2020: ERROR: Mysql process not running.
						</systemoutput>
					</p>
					<p>
						<systemoutput>Mon Jun 8 11:28:57 2020: INFO: Sleeping for 5secs to allow
							mysql to come up , will wait maximum for 20 mins.</systemoutput>
					</p>
					<p>
						<systemoutput>Mon Jun 8 11:29:02 2020: INFO: Checking counts again after
							restore operation.  </systemoutput>
					</p>
					<p>
						<systemoutput>Mon Jun 8 11:29:02 2020: INFO: Finding replicated data counts.
						</systemoutput>
					</p>
					<p>
						<systemoutput>Mon Jun 8 11:29:03 2020: INFO: Count of rows in replicated
							tables on host:sps-sm-1-ioho-1:1221 </systemoutput>
					</p>
					<p>
						<systemoutput>Mon Jun 8 11:29:05 2020: INFO: Count of rows in replicated
							tables on host:sps-sm-1-ioho-0:1221 </systemoutput>
					</p>
					<p>
						<systemoutput>Mon Jun 8 11:29:06 2020: INFO: Enabling Geo-replication after
							restore.  </systemoutput>
					</p>
					<p>
						<systemoutput>Mon Jun 8 11:29:06 2020: /usr/lib/maxscale/maxscale_lib.py
							--maxscale-service=start >/dev/null 2>/dev/null executed successfully on
							nodes sps-sm-1-ioho-0 sps-sm-1-ioho-1.  </systemoutput>
					</p>
					<p>
						<systemoutput>Mon Jun 8 11:29:08 2020: /usr/bin/maxscale_adm --enable
							>/dev/null 2>/dev/null executed successfully on nodes sps-sm-1-ioho-0
							sps-sm-1-ioho-1.   </systemoutput>
					</p>
					<p>
						<systemoutput>Mon Jun 8 11:29:08 2020: INFO: All operations complete.
						</systemoutput>
					</p>
					<p>
						<systemoutput>Mon Jun 8 11:29:08 2020: INFO: Tool mariadb-tools.sh end time:
							2020-06-08 11:29:08,619  </systemoutput>
					</p>
				</info>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>Check the status of the all the IOHO VMs of site2 and site1 by logging to DB
					and executing the following command: </cmd>
				<info>
					<p>
						<codeph>mysql -u root -pmainstreet</codeph>
					</p>
					<p>
						<codeph>SQL&gt; show slave status \G;</codeph>
					</p>
					<note>
						<p>If <systemoutput>Procedure 1236</systemoutput> error occurs on site2, see
							section <i>To recover from replication error 1236 after MariaDB
								failover</i> in <i>Operation, Administration, and Maintenance
								Guide</i>. </p>
						<p>If any other issue occurs, contact Nokia Support.</p>
					</note>
				</info>
			</step>
			<step>
				<cmd>Check the count on site2 and ensure that the count on site2 nearly matches the
					count on site1. </cmd>
				<info>
					<note>
						<p>The count on site2 can be either equal or less that the count on site1.
							If there is no traffic on site1, the counts will match exactly. If
							traffic continues on site1, the count on site1 is expected to be greater
							than the count on site2. When geo-replication completes successfully,
							the counts will match.</p>
					</note>
				</info>
			</step>
		</steps>
	</taskbody>
</task>
