<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
		<task id="id9YZ-09018-IN00-RJZZA-Create_VNF"><title>Creating a VNF</title><taskbody id="d1e5757"><context><sectiondiv>
				<p><b>Overview</b></p>
				<p>This procedure provides instructions on how to create a VNF in CBAM.</p>
				<note>
					<p>For more information on CBAM, see CloudBand Application Manager (CBAM)
						documentation in the Nokia Discovery Center by going to <xref format="html"
							scope="external" href="https://doc.networks.nokia.com"
							>https://doc.networks.nokia.com</xref>
					</p>
				</note>
			</sectiondiv><sectiondiv><b>Before you begin:</b><p>Before beginning this procedure,
					ensure that you are logged in to the CBAM GUI.</p></sectiondiv>To create the
			VNF:</context><steps>

<step><cmd>In the CBAM GUI, click the options button with three horizontal lines, and then select <b>Catalog</b>. The <b>Catalog</b> pane appears.</cmd><info/></step>
<step><cmd>In the <b>Catalog</b> pane, select the appropriate CSAR package and hover the mouse over the right of the selected line, and then click the <b>Create VNF from Package</b> button represented by the multiple processes icon. The <b>Create New VNF</b> window appears.</cmd><info/></step>
<step><cmd>In the <b>Create New VNF</b> window, do the following:</cmd><info><ul>

<li>
<p>In the <b>Name</b> field, enter the name for this VNF.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>If needed, in the <b>Description</b> field, provide additional information about this VNF.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Click <b>Create</b>.</p>
</li>
</ul><p>
<b>Expected outcome</b>
</p><p>If the operation succeeds, the new VNF appears in the <b>Virtualized Network Functions</b> pane with the <b>Last Operation Status</b> marked as <systemoutput>Completed - Create</systemoutput>.  If the operation fails, an error message appears in the GUI.</p></info></step>
<step><cmd>If the operation fails, depending on the cause of failure, you might need to delete the VNF. For example, if you used a wrong CSAR package, then delete the VNF using the procedure <!--xref URI: t-install-deleting-VNF.xml#Delete_VNF--><xref keyref="id9YZ-09018-IN00-RJZZA-Delete_VNF"/>. For more information on what to do if this operation fails, see CloudBand Application Manager (CBAM)  documentation.</cmd><info/></step>
</steps>
</taskbody></task>