<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
		<task id="id9YZ-09018-IN00-RJZZA-Instantiate_VNF"><title>Instantiating a VNF</title><taskbody id="d1e6173"><context><sectiondiv>
				<p><b>Overview</b></p>
				<p>This procedure provides instructions on how to instantiate a VNF in CBAM.</p>
				<note>
					<p>For more information on CBAM, see CloudBand Application Manager (CBAM)
						documentation in the Nokia Discovery Center by going to <xref format="html"
							scope="external" href="https://doc.networks.nokia.com"
							>https://doc.networks.nokia.com</xref>
					</p>
				</note>
			</sectiondiv><sectiondiv><b>Before you begin:</b></sectiondiv><note>
				<p>Ensure that all the virtual IP addresses used for the NCC deployment are excluded from the
					allocation pool of your cloud environment, OpenStack or VMware.</p>
			</note><p>Before beginning this procedure, ensure the following:</p><ul
				id="ul_llw_dm3_jlb">
				<li>
					<p>You are logged in to the CBAM GUI.</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>The Scalable file for this VNF is ready for uploading to CBAM. For more
						information, see
							<!--xref URI: t-install-scalable-file.xml#Scalable-file--><xref
							keyref="id9YZ-09018-IN00-RJZZA-Scalable-file"/>.</p>
				</li>
			</ul>To instantiate the VNF:</context><steps>

<step><cmd>In the CBAM GUI, click the options button with three horizontal lines, and then select <b>Virtualized Network Functions</b>. The <b>Virtualized Network Functions</b> pane with the list of created VNFs appears.</cmd><info/></step>
<step><cmd>In the <b>Virtualized Network Functions</b> pane, select the appropriate VNF and hover the mouse over the right of the selected line, and then click the <b>Instantiate</b> button represented by the start icon. The <b>General Data</b> pane appears.</cmd><info/></step>
<step><cmd>In the <b>General Data</b> pane, do the following:</cmd><info><ul>

<li>
<p>In the <b>Instantiation level id</b> field, select the value from the drop-down list.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>In the <b>VIM password</b> field, enter the password for the VIM access.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Click <b>Continue</b>. The <b>Parameters</b> pane appears.</p>
</li>
</ul></info></step>
<step><cmd>In the <b>Parameters</b> pane, click <b>browse</b> and select the appropriate Scalable file, or use <b>Drag and drop</b> option to upload the Scalable file for this VNF.</cmd><info><note>

<p>Each VNF requires its own Scalable file.</p>
</note><note>

<p>The Scalable file is ready for upload when the following occurs in the <b>Parameters</b> pane:</p><ul>

<li>
<p>The name of the Scalable file appears in the <b>File name</b> area.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>In the <b>Status</b> field, the message <systemoutput>Ready for upload</systemoutput> appears.</p>
</li>
</ul>
</note></info></step>
<step><cmd>When the Scalable file is ready for upload, click <b>Finish</b> to automatically use the Scalable file and start this VNF’s instantiation.</cmd><info><note>

<p>If you click <b>Cancel</b>, the <b>Exit Form?</b> window appears, and then if in the <b>Exit Form?</b> window, you click <b>Cancel</b>, the <b>Parameters</b> pane appears, if you click <b>Exit</b>, the <b>Virtualized Network Functions</b> appears.</p>
</note><p>
<b>Expected outcome</b>
</p><p>The <b>Virtualized Network Functions</b> pane appears where the<b> Last Operation Status </b> of this VNF shows as <systemoutput>Processing - Instantiate</systemoutput>. If this VNF is instantiated successfully, the <b>Last Operation Status</b> of this VNF changes to <systemoutput>Completed - Instantiate</systemoutput>.</p><note>

<p>The instantiation operation takes at least 40 minutes.</p>
</note></info></step>
<step><cmd>If the instantiation fails, your further actions depend on the cause of failure and might be one of the following:</cmd><info><ul>

<li>
<p>If the instantiation fails due to cloud platform issues and those issues are resolved, then instantiate this VNF again using this procedure.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>If the instantiation fails due to CBAM issues, then refer to CloudBand Application Manager (CBAM) documentation for troubleshooting and once the issues are resolved, instantiate this VNF again using this procedure.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>If the instantiation fails due to incorrect configurations, then fix the errors and proceed accordingly with the appropriate procedures. See <!--xref URI: ../Chapters/c-install-additional-procedures.xml#Additional-procedures--><xref keyref="id9YZ-09018-IN00-RJZZA-Additional-procedures"/> for any other procedures that you might need such as <!--xref URI: t-install-terminating-VNF.xml#Terminate_VNF--><xref keyref="id9YZ-09018-IN00-RJZZA-Terminate_VNF"/> or <!--xref URI: t-install-deleting-VNF.xml#Delete_VNF--><xref keyref="id9YZ-09018-IN00-RJZZA-Delete_VNF"/>.</p>
</li>
</ul><p>If needed, contact Nokia Professional Services.</p></info></step>
</steps>
</taskbody></task>