<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
		<task id="id9YZ-09018-IN00-RJZZA-Modify_VNF"><title>Modifying a VNF</title><taskbody id="d1e5939"><context><sectiondiv>
				<p><b>Overview</b></p>
				<p>This procedure is a VNF maintenance operation that provides instructions on how
					to change in the CBAM GUI the VNF’s extensions modifiable attribute by uploading
					the VNF Extension file prepared for this VNF.</p>
				<note>
					<p>For more information on CBAM, see CloudBand Application Manager (CBAM)
						documentation in the Nokia Discovery Center by going to <xref format="html"
							scope="external" href="https://doc.networks.nokia.com"
							>https://doc.networks.nokia.com</xref>
					</p>
				</note>
			</sectiondiv><sectiondiv><b>Before you begin:</b></sectiondiv><p>Before beginning this
				procedure, ensure the following:</p><ul id="ul_w4l_zl3_jlb">
				<li>
					<p>You are logged in to the CBAM GUI.</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>The VNF Extension file has been prepared for this VNF. For more information,
						see section
							<!--xref URI: t-install-VNF-Extension.xml#Modifying_Excel--><xref
							keyref="id9YZ-09018-IN00-RJZZA-Modifying_Excel"/>.</p>
				</li>
			</ul><note>
				<p>All the parameters in the VNF Extension file, including &lt;sdc_config_data&gt; parameter,
					must be updated before instantiation if you are installing the NCC and before SU
					if you are upgrading the NCC. If a parameter or a group of parameters can be
					updated post-instantiate and post-SU, the NCC documentation outlines this
					information.</p>
			</note>To modify the VNF using the VNF Extension file:</context><steps>

<step><cmd>In the CBAM GUI, click the options button with three horizontal lines, and then select <b>Virtualized Network Functions</b>. The <b>Virtualized Network Functions</b> pane appears.</cmd><info/></step>
<step><cmd>In the <b>Virtualized Network Functions</b> pane, select the appropriate VNF and hover the mouse over the right of the selected line, and then click the  <b>Modify</b> button represented by the pencil icon. The <b>General Data</b> pane appears.</cmd><info/></step>
<step><cmd>In the <b>General Data</b> pane, to upload the VNF Extension file, click <b>Yes</b> to <b>Do you want to upload the operation parameters as a file attachment?</b> and then click <b>Continue</b>. The <b>Parameters</b> pane appears.</cmd><info/></step>
<step><cmd>In the <b>Parameters</b> pane, click <b>browse</b> and select the appropriate VNF Extension file, or use <b>Drag and drop</b> option to upload the file.</cmd><info><note>

<p>Each VNF requires its own VNF Extension file.</p>
</note><note>

<p>The VNF Extension file is ready for upload when the following occurs in the <b>Parameters</b> pane:</p><ul>

<li>
<p>The name of the VNF Extension file appears in the <b>File name</b> area.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>In the <b>Status</b> field, the message <systemoutput>Ready for upload</systemoutput> appears.</p>
</li>
</ul>
</note></info></step>
<step><cmd>When the VNF Extension file is ready for upload, click <b>Finish</b>.</cmd><info><p>
<b>Expected outcome</b>
</p><p>If the operation succeeds, the <b>Virtualized Network Functions</b> pane appears where this VNF is listed with the <b>Last Operation Status</b> marked as <systemoutput>Completed - Modify Info</systemoutput>. If the operation fails, an error message appears in the GUI.</p></info></step>
<step><cmd>If the operation fails, depending on the cause of failure, you might need to repeat this procedure. For example, if you used a wrong VNF Extension file or the VNF Extension file has errors. For more information on what to do if this operation fails, see CloudBand Application Manager (CBAM)  documentation.</cmd><info/></step>
</steps>
</taskbody></task>