<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
		<task id="id9YZ-09018-IN00-RJZZA-Modifying-su-yaml-file"><title>Downloading a file with instantiated VNF info</title><taskbody id="d1e9987"><context><sectiondiv>
				<p><b>Overview</b></p>
				<p>This procedure provides instructions on how to assign the instantiated VNF’s
					information to a specified parameter.</p>
			</sectiondiv><sectiondiv><b>Before you begin:</b></sectiondiv><p>Before beginning this
				procedure, ensure that you are logged in to the CBAM GUI.</p>To assign the VNF
			information:</context><steps>

<step><cmd>In the CBAM GUI, click the options button with three horizontal lines, and then select <b>Virtualized Network Functions</b>. The <b>Virtualized Network Functions</b> pane with the list of created VNFs appears.</cmd><info/></step>
<step><cmd>In the <b>Virtualized Network Functions</b> pane, click the appropriate VNF. The <b>Virtualized Network Function Details</b> window appears. </cmd><info/></step>
<step><cmd>In the <b>Virtualized Network Function Details</b> window, click the <b>Instantidated VNF Info</b> tab.</cmd><info><p> The <b>Instantidated VNF Info</b> pane appears.</p></info></step>
<step><cmd>In the <b>Instantidated VNF Info</b> pane, click the <b>Download</b> button represented by the downstream arrow icon.</cmd><info><p>
<b>Expected outcome</b>
</p><p>The file <filepath>vnf-&lt;VNF name&gt;-instantiated-info.json</filepath> is downloaded.</p></info></step>
<step><cmd>Save the file <filepath>vnf-&lt;VNF name&gt;-instantiated-info.json</filepath> to the <b>$AUTO_HOME</b> directory.</cmd><info/></step>
</steps>
</taskbody></task>