<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
		<task id="id9YZ-09018-IN00-RJZZA-Terminate_VNF"><title>Terminating a VNF</title><taskbody id="d1e11845"><context><sectiondiv>
				<p><b>Overview</b></p>
				<p>This procedure provides instructions on how to terminate a VNF in CBAM. When a
					VNF is terminated, it is removed from the VIM. At the same time, this VNF
					remains in the CBAM VNF catalogue and can be instantiated again.</p>
				<note>
					<p>For more information on CBAM, see CloudBand Application Manager (CBAM)
						documentation in the Nokia Discovery Center by going to <xref format="html"
							scope="external" href="https://doc.networks.nokia.com"
							>https://doc.networks.nokia.com</xref>
					</p>
				</note>
			</sectiondiv><sectiondiv><b>Before you begin:</b><p>Before beginning this procedure,
					ensure that you are logged in to the CBAM GUI.</p></sectiondiv>To terminate the
			VNF:</context><steps>

<step><cmd>In the CBAM GUI, click the options button with three horizontal lines, and then select <b>Virtualized Network Functions</b>. The <b>Virtualized Network Functions</b> pane with the list of created VNFs appears.</cmd><info/></step>
<step><cmd>In the <b>Virtualized Network Functions</b> pane, select the VNF to terminate and hover the mouse over the right of the selected line, and then click the <b>Terminate</b> button represented by the stop icon. The <b>Termination type</b> pane appears.</cmd><info/></step>
<step><cmd>In the <b>Termination type</b> pane, do the following:</cmd><info><ul>

<li>
<p>If this VNF’s instantiation was successful, in the <b>Termination type</b> field, select <b>Graceful</b>.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>If this VNF’s instantiation was not successful, in the <b>Termination type</b> field, select <b>Forceful</b>.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Click <b>Finish</b>.</p>
</li>
</ul><p>
<b>Expected outcome</b>
</p><p>The <b>Virtualized Network Functions</b> pane appears where this VNF is listed with the <b>Last Operation Status</b> marked as <systemoutput>Processing - Terminate</systemoutput>. If the termination succeeds, the <b>Last Operation Status</b> changes to <systemoutput>Complete - Terminate</systemoutput>.</p></info></step>
<step><cmd>If the termination fails, do the following:</cmd><info><ul>

<li>
<p>If the termination fails for the first time, repeat this procedure but choose <b>Forceful</b>  as the termination type.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>If the termination fails again, contact the cloud administrator to investigate the cause of failure and clean up the cloud platform before executing this procedure again using <b>Forceful</b> termination type.</p>
</li>
</ul></info></step>
</steps>
</taskbody></task>