<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
		<task id="id9YZ-09018-IN00-RJZZA-Uploading_updated_CSAR"><title>Uploading a CSAR package to CBAM</title><taskbody id="d1e5575"><context><sectiondiv>
				<p><b>Overview</b></p>
				<p>This procedure provides instructions on how to upload a CSAR package to CBAM.</p>
				<note>
					<p>For more information on CBAM, see CloudBand Application Manager (CBAM)
						documentation in the Nokia Discovery Center by going to <xref format="html"
							scope="external" href="https://doc.networks.nokia.com"
							>https://doc.networks.nokia.com</xref>
					</p>
				</note>
			</sectiondiv><sectiondiv><b>Before you begin:</b><p>Before beginning this procedure,
					ensure that you are logged in to the CBAM GUI.</p></sectiondiv>To upload the
			CSAR package to CBAM:</context><steps>

<step><cmd>In the CBAM GUI, click the options button with three horizontal lines and then select <b>Catalog</b>. The <b>Catalog</b> pane appears.</cmd><info>
					<note>Before executing the next step, you must modify the value of VNF package zip file. See
							<xref href="t_cbam_procedure.dita"/> for more details.</note>
				</info></step>
<step><cmd>In the <b>Catalog</b> pane, click the <b>Upload VNF Package</b> represented by the plus icon. The <b>Upload VNF Package</b> window appears.</cmd><info/></step>
<step><cmd>In the <b>Upload VNF Package</b> window, click <b>browse</b> and select the appropriate CSAR package, or use <b>Drag and drop</b> option to add the CSAR package to the CBAM catalog.</cmd><info/></step>
<step><cmd><draft-comment>FIXME - put an instruction here</draft-comment></cmd><info>
<note>

<p>The CSAR package is ready for upload when the following occurs in the <b>Upload VNF Package</b> window:</p><ul>

<li>
<p>The name of the CSAR package appears in the <b>File name</b> area.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>In the <b>Status</b> field, the message <systemoutput>Ready for upload</systemoutput> appears.</p>
</li>
</ul>
</note>
<p>When the CSAR package is ready for upload, click <b>Upload</b>.</p>
<p>
<b>Expected outcome</b>
</p>
<p>If the operation succeeds, the CSAR package appears in the <b>Catalog</b> pane. If the operation fails, an error message appears in the GUI.</p>
</info></step>
<step><cmd>If the operation succeeds, verify that the CSAR package is listed in the CBAM catalog.</cmd><info/></step>
<step><cmd>If the operation fails, depending on the cause of failure, you might need to delete the CSAR package using the procedure <!--xref URI: t-install-deleting-CSAR.xml#Deleting-CSAR--><xref keyref="id9YZ-09018-IN00-RJZZA-Deleting-CSAR"/>. For more information on what to do if this operation fails, see CloudBand Application Manager (CBAM)  documentation.</cmd><info/></step>
</steps>
</taskbody></task>