<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
		<task id="id9YZ-09018-IN00-RJZZA-Uploading-OVF-file"><title>Uploading images and Vapp template to vCloud</title><taskbody id="d1e5330"><context><sectiondiv>
				<p><b>Overview</b></p>
				<p>This procedure provides instructions on how to upload a Vapp template, which
					refers to the OVF file and the VMDK images, to vCloud using vCloud Director.</p>
			</sectiondiv>To upload the Vapp template to vCloud:</context><steps>

<step><cmd>Log in to VMware vCloud Director.</cmd><info/></step>
<step><cmd>In vCloud Director, click the <b>System</b> tab, then click <b>Manage and Monitor</b>, select <b>Organizations</b> and then double click <b>Organizations name</b>.</cmd><info/></step>
<step>
				<cmd>If the catalog for the NCC exists, go to the next step. Otherwise, create the
					catalog for the NCC as follows:</cmd>
				<info>
					<ul>
						<li>
							<p>Click the <b>System</b> tab, select the organization for the NCC,
								click the <b>Catalogs</b> tab. The <b>My Organization’s Catalog</b>
								pane appears. </p>
						</li>
						<li>
							<p>In the <b>My Organization’s Catalog</b> pane, click the
									<b>Catalogs</b> tab and then click <b>+</b>. The <b>New
									Catalog</b> window appears.</p>
						</li>
						<li>
							<p> In the <b>New Catalog</b> window, enter the name for the catalog and
								click <b>Next</b>. The <b>Select Storage Type</b> window
								appears.</p>
						</li>
						<li>
							<p> In the <b>Select Storage Type</b> window, select the
									<b>Pre-provision on specific storage policy</b> button. The
									<b>Storage Policy</b> pane appears.</p>
						</li>
						<li>
							<p> In the <b>Storage Policy</b> pane, select the <b>vSAN Default
									Storage Policy</b> and associate it with the OVDC.</p>
						</li>
					</ul>
				</info>
			</step>
<step>
				<cmd>Upload the OVF file for the NCC OVDC:</cmd>
				<info>
					<ul>
						<li>
							<p>Click the <b>System</b> tab, select the organization for the NCC,
								click the <b>Catalogs</b> tab. The <b>My Organization’s Catalog</b>
								pane appears. </p>
						</li>
						<li>
							<p> In the <b>My Organization’s Catalog</b> pane, click <b>vApp
									Templates</b> and then click the upload button. The <b>Upload
									OVF package as a vApp Template</b> window appears.</p>
						</li>
						<li>
							<p> In the <b>Upload OVF package as a vApp Template</b> pane, select
									<b>Local file</b>, click <b>Browse</b> and select the OVF file
								to upload. Click the <b>Upload</b> button.</p>
						</li>
						<li>
							<p>Ensure that the OVF file is in the <b>vApp Templates</b> list.</p>
						</li>
					</ul>
					<note>
						<p>The VMDK images are also uploaded in this step by reference in the OVF
							file.</p>
					</note>
				</info>
			</step>
</steps>
</taskbody></task>