<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
		<task id="id9YZ-09018-IN00-RJZZA-userauthpassword"><title>Configuring user authentication and password policies</title><taskbody>
		<context id="context_fcd_zn3_jlb">Web SSO will be enabled only after the “commit” step of
			the upgrade. To avoid any provisioning traffic interruption during the SM upgrade, you
			must perform the following:</context><steps>

<stepsection><b>Steps</b></stepsection>

<step><cmd>Open Web SSO UI using the link: </cmd><info><p>
						<xref format="html" scope="external"
							href="https://%3CIOHO_VIP%3E:8666/auth/admin/master/console/"
							>https://&lt;IOHO_VIP&gt;:8666/auth/admin/master/console/</xref>
					</p></info></step>
<step>
				<cmd>Log in to the page using credentials. Contact Nokia for the credentials. (You
					can change the admin password later.)</cmd>
				<info/>
			</step>
<step><cmd>Select <uicontrol>Users→View all users</uicontrol> from the Web SSO UI.</cmd><info/></step>
<step><cmd>Click on the <uicontrol>Edit</uicontrol> button of one user.</cmd><info/></step>
<step><cmd>Select <uicontrol>Credentials</uicontrol>.</cmd><info/></step>
<step><cmd>Change the password as follows.  The password must be the same as the password used to login into the SM UI earlier.</cmd><substeps>
<substep><cmd>Click on <uicontrol>“Delete”</uicontrol> button for the existing password.</cmd></substep>
<substep><cmd>Confirm the deletion by clicking on <uicontrol>“Delete Credentials”</uicontrol> in the alert box.</cmd><info/></substep>
<substep><cmd>A “Set Password” screen is displayed after you confirm the deletion.</cmd><info><p>Enter the password and password confirmation in the  <uicontrol>“Set Password” </uicontrol>screen.</p></info></substep>
</substeps></step>
<step><cmd>Set Temporary OFF and click <uicontrol>“Set Password”</uicontrol>.</cmd><info/></step>
<step><cmd>Navigate to the details and perform the following:</cmd><substeps>
<substep><cmd>Remove all actions in <uicontrol>“Required User Actions”</uicontrol> Text Box.</cmd><info/></substep>
<substep><cmd>Set the <uicontrol>“Email Verified”</uicontrol> dialogue to <uicontrol>“ON”</uicontrol>. (The email is verified).</cmd></substep>
</substeps></step>
<step><cmd>Repeat steps 1 to 8 of this procedure for each user.</cmd><info/></step>
<step><cmd>Return to perform step 11-l of the procedure (<!--xref URI: #DFSECenab--><xref keyref="id9YZ-09018-IN00-RJZZA-DFSECenab"/>
<i>Enabling DFSEC</i>) after you have completed this procedure for each user.</cmd><info/></step>

</steps>
</taskbody></task>
