<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="untitled2">
    <title>CDR events and configuration</title>
    <conbody>
        <p>A Policy CDR is not generated automatically. CDR generation can be enabled using rule
            actions. Each event type has an action corresponding to its trigger. If the action
            appears in the results, then the CDR is logged. They can be used in conjunction with any
            condition to utilize the criteria under which the CDR for that event type can be logged. </p>
        <p>Policy CDRs can be enabled to log CDRs for policy under the appropriate trigger using the
            rule actions.</p>
        <note>
            <p>To include the current timestamp (GMT time) as part of the CDR, add the attribute
                    <systemoutput>&lt;include attribute="timestamp"/&gt;</systemoutput> to the event
                being logged. To include the local timestamp (local time) as part of the CDR, add
                the attribute <systemoutput>&lt;include
                    attribute="localtimestamp"/&gt;</systemoutput> to the event being logged.</p>
        </note>
        <p>Some attributes encode lists of multiple values. The pieces are encoded using different
            separators like hash tag (“#”) and colon (':') by default. These separators are defined
            in the Global Configuration application preferences: CDR Sub-Field Separator1 and CDR
            Sub-Field Separator2.</p>
        <note>
            <p>EDRs in policy are generated in the /cdr/mvno1/edr directory with .edr format.</p>
        </note>
        <note>
            <p>To permanently run this, add the command (for example, <codeph>export
                    JAVA_HOME=/usr/lib/jvm/java-1.8.0-openjdk-1.8.0.171-7.b10.el7.x86_64/jre/</codeph>),
                along with the latest example of JAVA version to the <i>bash.rc</i> profile.</p>
        </note>
    </conbody>
</concept>
