<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="untitled1">
    <title>Policy events for CDR generation</title>
    <conbody>
        <p>Each CDR corresponds to one event but may contain records related to more than one
            entity. That is, some attributes encode lists of multiple values. By default, NCC-Policy
            uses the separators colon (":") and hash tag ("#"). For example, to log an attribute
            with the name policyCounters, which may have a list of policy counters, the list
            returned is # separated. Each # means another entry. If each entry happens to be a
            complex entry, for example, made up of a name (counter1) and value, it is separated by
            another separator the colon “:”. The separators can be configured to use other
            characters using the application preferences “CDR Sub-Field Separator1” and “CDR
            Sub-Field Separator2”. See the <i>NCC-Policy application preferences</i> section in the
                <i>Global Configuration Guide</i>.</p>
        <p>A separate CDR is generated for each event.</p>
        <note>
            <p>If an IP-CAN session has only the MSISDN in the CCR-I message, both the MSISDN and
                the IMSI are included in the CDR. NCC searches for IMSI from both the session data
                and the device and adds the info into the CDR if it is found in either of the two
                places. However, if the IP-CAN session only has the IMSI in the CCR-I message, only
                the IMSI is included in the CDR without the MSISDN. NCC only searches for the MSISDN
                from the session data, not from the device. Therefore, if the CCR-I message does not
                contain the MSISDN, it is not added to the CDR.</p>
        </note>
    </conbody>
</concept>
