<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//NSN//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "nsnconcept.dtd">
<concept id="id9yz-09126-mt02-rezza-d1e6037"><title>ace script</title><conbody>
<section><title>Description</title>
<p>This script manages spsinstantiate containers. With this script all the containers’ functionalities can be accessed without running the spsinstantiate container manually. </p>
</section>
<section><title>Syntax</title>
<p>
<codeph>maestro ace [--help] [[image_version] &lt;command&gt; [ &lt;args&gt; ...]]</codeph>
</p>
<table pgwide="1" colsep="1" rowsep="1" frame="all">
                <tgroup cols="2">
                    <colspec colname="col1"/>
                    <colspec colname="col2"/>
                    <thead>
                        <row>
                            <entry>
                                <p>Option or command</p>
                            </entry>
                            <entry>
                                <p>Description</p>
                            </entry>
                        </row>
                    </thead>
                    <tbody>
                        <row>
                            <entry nameend="col2" namest="col1"> Options </entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>
                                <p>
                                    <codeph>-h</codeph>
                                </p>
                                <p>
                                    <codeph>-help</codeph>
                                </p>
                            </entry>
                            <entry> Displays usage/help information. </entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry nameend="col2" namest="col1"> Commands </entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>
                                <p>
                                    <codeph>-v</codeph>
                                </p>
                                <p>
                                    <codeph>version</codeph>
                                </p>
                            </entry>
                            <entry> Shows the active spsinstantiate image version in Maestro.
                            </entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry><codeph>-l</codeph><p>
                                    <codeph>list</codeph>
                                </p></entry>
                            <entry> Lists all the loaded spsinstantiate images. </entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>
                                <codeph>load &lt;arg&gt;</codeph>
                            </entry>
                            <entry>
                                <p>Downloads an spsinstantiate image tar file from the artifactory
                                    or Docker repository and sets that image version to active. </p>
                                <p>Loads an spsinstantiate image tar file into Docker.</p>
                                <p>As arguments accepts &lt;image_file&gt;, &lt;URL&gt;, &lt;PULL
                                    REPOSITORY&gt; and &lt;image_version&gt;</p>
                                <p>where:</p>
                                <ul>
                                    <li>
                                        <p>&lt;image_file&gt; is an spsinstantiate tar file.</p>
                                    </li>
                                    <li>
                                        <p>&lt;URL&gt; is the URL of the artifactory</p>
                                    </li>
                                    <li>
                                        <p>&lt;PULL REPOSITORY&gt; is Docker registry.</p>
                                    </li>
                                    <li>
                                        <p>&lt;image_version&gt; is the version of an spsinstantiate
                                            image.</p>
                                    </li>
                                </ul>
                            </entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>
                                <codeph>unload [options] &lt;arg&gt;</codeph>
                            </entry>
                            <entry>
                                <p>Removes an spsinstantiate image from Docker.</p>
                                <p>Requires &lt;image_version&gt; as an argument.</p>
                            </entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>
                                <codeph>switch [options] &lt;arg&gt;</codeph>
                            </entry>
                            <entry>
                                <p>Downloads an spsinstantiate image tar file from the artifactory
                                    or Docker repository and sets that image version to active. </p>
                                <p>Loads an spsinstantiate image tar file into Docker and sets that
                                    image version to active.</p>
                                <p>Sets a specified spsinstantiate image version to active.</p>
                                <p>As arguments accepts &lt;image_file&gt;, &lt;URL&gt;, &lt;PULL
                                    REPOSITORY&gt; and &lt;image_version&gt;</p>
                                <p>where:</p>
                                <ul>
                                    <li>
                                        <p>&lt;image_file&gt; is an spsinstantiate tar file.</p>
                                    </li>
                                    <li>
                                        <p>&lt;URL&gt; is the URL of the artifactory</p>
                                    </li>
                                    <li>
                                        <p>&lt;PULL REPOSITORY&gt; is Docker registry.</p>
                                    </li>
                                    <li>
                                        <p>&lt;image_version&gt; is the version of an spsinstantiate
                                            image.</p>
                                    </li>
                                </ul>
                            </entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>
                                <codeph>develop</codeph>
                            </entry>
                            <entry>
                                <p>Creates a development session for debugging any automated
                                    instantiation command in an spsinstantiate container.</p>
                                <p>Allows to specify a container image version to use or run. If the
                                    version is not specified, the command applies to the active
                                    version.</p>
                            </entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry nameend="col2" namest="col1"> Options for <codeph>switch</codeph>
                                and <codeph>unload</codeph> commands </entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry><codeph>-h</codeph><p><codeph>--help</codeph></p><p><codeph>help</codeph></p></entry>
                            <entry> Displays usage/help information. </entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry><codeph>-l</codeph><p><codeph>--list</codeph></p><p><codeph>list</codeph></p></entry>
                            <entry> Lists all the loaded spsinstantiate images. </entry>
                        </row>
                    </tbody>
                </tgroup>
            </table>
</section>
<section><title>Examples</title>
<p>
<codeph>version</codeph>
</p>
<p>To show the active spsinstantiate image version, enter:</p>
<p>
<codeph>$ maestro ace version</codeph>
</p>
<p>
<b>Expected outcome</b>
</p>
<p>
<systemoutput>ace version: SPS_XX_YY_R1_SPS_XX_YY_I97</systemoutput>
</p>
<p>
<codeph/>
</p>
<p>
<codeph>list</codeph>
</p>
<p>To list all the loaded spsinstantiate images, enter:</p>
<p>
<codeph>$ maestro ace list</codeph>
</p>
<p>
<b>Expected outcome</b>
</p>
<p>
<systemoutput>SPS_XX_YY_R1_SPS_XX_YY_I99</systemoutput>
</p>
<p>
<systemoutput>SPS_XX_YY_R1_SPS_XX_YY_I98</systemoutput>
</p>
<p>
<systemoutput>SPS_XX_YY_R1_SPS_XX_YY_I97</systemoutput>
</p>
<p>
<codeph/>
</p>
<p>
<codeph>load</codeph>
</p>
<p>To download a specified spsinstantiate image tar file from the artifactory into Docker, enter:</p>
<p>
<codeph>$ maestro ace load https://&lt;Artifactory URL&gt;/sps-generic-candidates/DevOps_containers/spsinstantiate.SPS_XX_YY_R1_SPS_XX_YY_I70.tar.gz</codeph>
</p>
<p>To pull a specified spsinstantiate image from Docker registry, enter:</p>
<p>
<codeph>$ maestro ace load &lt;Docker registry URL&gt;/spsinstantiate:SPS_XX_YY_R1_SPS_XX_YY_I99</codeph>
</p>
<p>To locally load a specified spsinstantiate image tar file to Docker, enter:</p>
<p>
<codeph>$ maestro ace load /home/spsops/spsinstantiate.SPS_XX_YY_R1_SPS_XX_YY_I70.tar.gz</codeph>
</p>
<p>
<codeph/>
</p>
<p>
<codeph>unload</codeph>
</p>
<p>To list all the loaded spsinstantiate versions, enter:</p>
<p>
<codeph>$ maestro ace unload list</codeph>
</p>
<p>To remove  a specified spsinstantiate image, enter:</p>
<p>
<codeph>$ maestro ace unload SPS_XX_YY_R1_SPS_XX_YY_I80</codeph>
</p>
<p>
<codeph/>
</p>
<p>
<codeph>switch</codeph>
</p>
<p>To download a specified spsinstantiate image tar file from the artifactory into Docker and set that image version to active, enter:</p>
<p>
<codeph>$ maestro ace switch  https://&lt;Artifactory URL&gt;/sps-generic-candidates/DevOps_containers/spsinstantiate.SPS_XX_YY_R1_SPS_XX_YY_I70.tar.gz</codeph>
</p>
<p>To pull a specified spsinstantiate image tar file from Docker registry and set that image version to active, enter:</p>
<p>
<codeph>$ maestro ace switch &lt;Docker registry URL&gt;/spsinstantiate:SPS_XX_YY_R1_SPS_XX_YY_I99</codeph>
</p>
<p>To locally load a specified spsinstantiate image to Docker and set that image version to active, enter:</p>
<p>
<codeph>$ maestro ace switch /home/spsops/spsinstantiate.SPS_XX_YY_R1_SPS_XX_YY_I70.tar.gz</codeph>
</p>
<p>To set a specified spsinstantiate version as active, enter:</p>
<p>
<codeph>$ maestro ace switch SPS_XX_YY_R1_SPS_XX_YY_I80</codeph>
</p>
<p>
<codeph/>
</p>
<p>
<codeph>develop</codeph>
</p>
<p>To create a development session for debugging an automated instantiation command in the active spsinstantiate container, enter:</p>
<p>
<codeph>$ maestro ace develop</codeph>
</p>
<p>
<b>Expected outcome</b>
</p>
<p>
<systemoutput>INFO: Attaching to container develop_27720.</systemoutput>
</p>
<p>
<systemoutput>INFO: Note: Please ensure you exit on completion otherwise will result in orphaned containers.</systemoutput>
</p>
<p>
<systemoutput>[root@SPS_XX_YY_R1_SPS_XX_YY_I80:/]#</systemoutput>
</p>
<p>To create a development session for debugging an automated instantiation command in a specified spsinstantiate container, enter:</p>
<p>
<codeph>$ maestro ace SPS_XX_YY_R1_SPS_XX_YY_I80 develop</codeph>
</p>
<p>
<b>Expected outcome</b>
</p>
<p>
<systemoutput>INFO: Attaching to container develop_27720.</systemoutput>
</p>
<p>
<systemoutput>INFO: Note: Please ensure you exit on completion otherwise will result in orphaned containers.</systemoutput>
</p>
<p>
<systemoutput>[root@SPS_XX_YY_R1_SPS_XX_YY_I98:/]#</systemoutput>
</p>
</section>
</conbody></concept>