<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="id9YZ-09126-MT02-REZZA-Configuring-OpenStack-cloud"><title>Configuring OpenStack environment</title><taskbody id="d1e3145"><context>
            <p>This procedure provides instructions on how to configure OpenStack environment for an
                OpenStack project that requires the OpenStack RC file.</p>
            <note>
                <p>For consistency Nokia recommends to place your Keystone information in
                        <filepath>/opt/sps/configs</filepath>.</p>
            </note>
            <p>To prepare OpenStack environment:</p>
        </context><steps>
<step><cmd>Log in to OpenStack dashboard.</cmd><info/></step>
<step><cmd>In OpenStack dashboard, click the <b>Project</b> tab, select the project for which you are going to download the OpenStack RC file. Click the <b>Access &amp; Security</b> button.</cmd><info/></step>
<step><cmd>Click the<b> API Access</b> tab, then click the <b>Download OpenStack RC File</b> button and then save  the OpenStack RC file.</cmd><info><note>
<p>The file name has the following notation:<filepath> &lt;PROJECT&gt;-openrc.sh</filepath>, where &lt;PROJECT&gt; is the project name for which you have downloaded the OpenStack RC file.</p>
</note></info></step>
<step><cmd>If you are unable to download the OpenStack RC file, perform the procedure <!--xref URI: t-devops-deployment-creating-OpenStack-RC-file.xml#Creating-OpenStack-RC-file--><xref keyref="id9YZ-09126-MT02-REZZA-Creating-OpenStack-RC-file"/>.</cmd><info/></step>
<step><cmd>Copy the <filepath>&lt;PROJECT&gt;-openrc.sh</filepath> file to the Maestro VM from which you are going to run OpenStack commands.</cmd><info><note>
<p>You might copy the <filepath>&lt;PROJECT&gt;-openrc.sh</filepath> file to the computer from which you are going to upload the image with a glance client command.</p>
</note></info></step>
<step><cmd>Add  the Openstack RC file name with a full path to <filepath>/opt/sps/configs/clouds-config.yaml</filepath> file as follows:</cmd><info><p>
<userinput>OS_KEYSTONE_FILE: /opt/sps/configs/&lt;PROJECT-openrc.sh&gt;</userinput>
</p></info></step>
</steps>
</taskbody></task>