<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//NSN//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "nsnconcept.dtd">
<concept id="id9yz-09126-mt02-rezza-d1e6672"><title>robotsps script</title><conbody>
<section><title>Description</title>
<p>This script manages Robot test suites built into Maestro.</p>
</section>
<section><title>Syntax</title>
<p>
<codeph>maestro robotsps [--help] [[image_version] &lt;command&gt; [ &lt;args&gt; ...]]</codeph>
</p>
<table pgwide="1" colsep="1" rowsep="1" frame="all">
                <tgroup cols="2">
                    <colspec colname="col1"/>
                    <colspec colname="col2"/>
                    <thead>
                        <row>
                            <entry>
                                <p>Option or command</p>
                            </entry>
                            <entry>
                                <p>Description</p>
                            </entry>
                        </row>
                    </thead>
                    <tbody>
                        <row>
                            <entry>
                                <p>
                                    <codeph>-h</codeph>
                                </p>
                                <p>
                                    <codeph>-help</codeph>
                                </p>
                            </entry>
                            <entry> Displays usage/help information. </entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry nameend="col2" namest="col1">
                                <b>Commands</b>
                            </entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>
                                <p>
                                    <codeph>-v</codeph>
                                </p>
                                <p>
                                    <codeph>version</codeph>
                                </p>
                            </entry>
                            <entry> Shows the active robotsps image version. </entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>
                                <p>
                                    <codeph>-l</codeph>
                                </p>
                                <p><codeph>list</codeph></p>
                            </entry>
                            <entry> Lists all the loaded robotsps images. </entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>
                                <codeph>load &lt;arg&gt;</codeph>
                            </entry>
                            <entry>
                                <p>Downloads a robotsps image tar file from the artifactory or from
                                    Docker registry.</p>
                                <p>Loads a robotsps image tar file from a local directory into
                                    Docker.</p>
                            </entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>
                                <codeph>unload [options] &lt;arg&gt;</codeph>
                            </entry>
                            <entry>
                                <p>Removes an robotsps image from Docker.</p>
                                <p>Requires &lt;image_version&gt; as an argument.</p>
                            </entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>
                                <codeph>switch [options] &lt;arg&gt;</codeph>
                            </entry>
                            <entry>
                                <p>Downloads a robotsps image tar file from the artifactory or from
                                    Docker repository and sets this image version to active. </p>
                                <p>Loads a robotsps image tar file from a local directory into
                                    Docker and sets this image version to active.</p>
                                <p>Sets a specified robotsps image version to active.</p>
                                <p>As arguments accepts &lt;image_file&gt;, &lt;URL&gt;, &lt;PULL
                                    REPOSITORY&gt; and image_version</p>
                                <p>where:</p>
                                <ul>
                                    <li>
                                        <p>&lt;image_file&gt; is a robotsps tar file.</p>
                                    </li>
                                    <li>
                                        <p>&lt;URL&gt; is the URL of the artifactory.</p>
                                    </li>
                                    <li>
                                        <p>&lt;PULL REPOSITORY&gt; is Docker registry.</p>
                                    </li>
                                    <li>
                                        <p>&lt;image_version&gt; is the version of a robotsps image
                                            version.</p>
                                    </li>
                                </ul>
                            </entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>
                                <codeph>develop</codeph>
                            </entry>
                            <entry>
                                <p>Creates a development session for debugging any automated
                                    instantiation command in a robotsps container.</p>
                                <p>Allows to specify an image version to use or run. If the version
                                    is not specified, the command applies to the active version.</p>
                                <p>Use this command to open a development session to debug any
                                    automation keywords, access OpenStack CLI commands, or access
                                    the VNF Generator Tool.</p>
                            </entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry nameend="col2" namest="col1"> Options for <codeph>switch</codeph>
                                and <codeph>unload</codeph> commands </entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry><codeph>-h</codeph><p><codeph>--help</codeph></p><p><codeph>help</codeph></p></entry>
                            <entry> Displays usage/help information. </entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry><codeph>-l</codeph><p><codeph>--list</codeph></p><p><codeph>list</codeph></p></entry>
                            <entry> Lists all the loaded robotsps images. </entry>
                        </row>
                    </tbody>
                </tgroup>
            </table>
</section>
<section><title>Examples</title>
<p>
<codeph>version</codeph>
</p>
<p>To show the active robotsps image version, enter:</p>
<p>
<codeph>$ maestro robotsps version</codeph>
</p>
<p>
<systemoutput>robotsps version: SPS_XX_YY_R1_SPS_XX_YY_I97</systemoutput>
</p>
<p>
<codeph/>
</p>
<p>
<codeph>list</codeph>
</p>
<p>To list all the loaded robotsps images, enter:</p>
<p>
<codeph>$ maestro robotsps list</codeph>
</p>
<p>
<systemoutput>SPS_XX_YY_R1_SPS_XX_YY_I108</systemoutput>
</p>
<p>
<systemoutput>SPS_XX_YY_R1_SPS_XX_YY_I97</systemoutput>
</p>
<p>
<systemoutput>SPS_XX_YY_R1_SPS_XX_YY_I9</systemoutput>
</p>
<p>
<systemoutput>SPS_XX_YY_R1_SPS_XX_YY_I155</systemoutput>
</p>
<p>
<codeph/>
</p>
<p>
<codeph>load</codeph>
</p>
<p>To download a specified robotsps image tar file from the artifactory into Docker, enter:</p>
<p>
<codeph>$ maestro robotsps load https://&lt;Artifactory URL&gt;/sps-generic-candidates/DevOps_containers/SPS_XX_YY_R1_SPS_XX_YY_I9_bash_robotsps_docker.tar.gz</codeph>
</p>
<p>To pull a specified robotsps image tar file from Docker registry, enter:</p>
<p>
<codeph>$ maestro robotsps load &lt;Docker registry URL&gt;/bash:SPS_XX_YY_I9</codeph>
</p>
<p>To locally load a specified robotsps image tar file to Docker, enter:</p>
<p>
<codeph>$ maestro robotsps load /home/spsops/SPS_XX_YY_R1_SPS_XX_YY_I9_bash_robotsps_docker.tar.gz</codeph>
</p>
<p>
<codeph/>
</p>
<p>
<codeph>unload</codeph>
</p>
<p>To list all the loaded robotsps versions, enter:</p>
<p>
<codeph>$ maestro robotsps unload list</codeph>
</p>
<p>To remove  a specified robotsps image, enter:</p>
<p>
<codeph>$ maestro robotsps unload SPS_XX_YY_I9</codeph>
</p>
<p>
<codeph/>
</p>
<p>
<codeph>switch</codeph>
</p>
<p>To download a specified robotsps image tar file from the artifactory into Docker and set that image version to active, enter:</p>
<p>
<codeph>$ maestro robotsps switch  https://&lt;Artifactory URL&gt;/sps-generic-candidates/DevOps_containers/SPS_XX_YY_R1_SPS_XX_YY_I9_bash_robotsps_docker.tar.gz</codeph>
</p>
<p>To pull a specified robotsps image tar file from Docker registry and set that image version to active, enter:</p>
<p>
<codeph>$ maestro robotsps switch &lt;Docker registry URL&gt;/bash:SPS_XX_YY_I9</codeph>
</p>
<p>To locally load a specified robotsps image to Docker and set that image version to active, enter:</p>
<p>
<codeph>$ maestro robotsps switch /home/spsops/SPS_XX_YY_R1_SPS_XX_YY_I9_bash_robotsps_docker.tar.gz</codeph>
</p>
<p>To set a specified robotsps image version as active, enter:</p>
<p>
<codeph>$ maestro robotsps switch SPS_XX_YY_I9</codeph>
</p>
<p>
<codeph/>
</p>
<p>
<codeph>develop</codeph>
</p>
<p>To create a development session for debugging an automated instantiation command in the active robotsps container, enter:</p>
<p>
<codeph>$ maestro robotsps develop</codeph>
</p>
<p>
<b>Expected outcome</b>
</p>
<p>
<systemoutput>INFO: Attaching to container develop_27720.</systemoutput>
</p>
<p>
<systemoutput>INFO: Note: Please ensure you exit on completion otherwise will result in orphaned containers.</systemoutput>
</p>
<p>
<systemoutput>[root@SPS_XX_YY_I9:/]#</systemoutput>
</p>
<p>To create a development session for debugging an automated instantiation command in a specified robotsps container, enter:</p>
<p>
<codeph>$ maestro robotsps SPS_AA_BB_I98 develop</codeph>
</p>
<p>
<b>Expected outcome</b>
</p>
<p>
<systemoutput>INFO: Attaching to container develop_28703.</systemoutput>
</p>
<p>
<systemoutput>INFO: Note: Please ensure you exit on completion otherwise will result in orphaned containers.</systemoutput>
</p>
<p>
<systemoutput>[root@SPS_XX_YY_I98:/]#</systemoutput>
</p>
</section>
</conbody></concept>