<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="id9YZ-09126-MT02-REZZA-Running-test-suite"><title>Running a test suite</title><taskbody id="d1e4753"><context>
            <p>This procedure provides instruction on how to run a test suite and view test reports
                in the Airflow GUI.</p>
        </context><prereq>
<p>Before beginning this procedure, ensure the following:</p><ol>
<li>
<p>You are logged in to the Airflow GUI.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>The Airflow GUI is configured using one of the following procedures:</p><ul>
<li>
<p>
<!--xref URI: t-devops-airflow-configuring-gui-using-workflow-definition.xml#Configuring-Airflow-when-using-package-->
<xref keyref="id9YZ-09126-MT02-REZZA-Configuring-Airflow-when-using-package"/>
</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>
<!--xref URI: t-devops-airflow-configuring-gui-using-variables.xml#Configuring-Airflow-when-using-variables-->
<xref keyref="id9YZ-09126-MT02-REZZA-Configuring-Airflow-when-using-variables"/>
</p>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ol>
			<p>To run a test suite:</p>
</prereq><steps>
<step><cmd>In the Airflow GUI, click DAGs. The DAGs table appears.</cmd><info/></step>
<step><cmd>In the DAGs table, select the DAG to run.</cmd><info/></step>
<step><cmd>In the <b>Links</b> column in the row that corresponds to the selected DAG, click <b>Trigger Dag</b> represented by the start icon. The confirmation window appears.</cmd><info/></step>
<step><cmd>In the confirmation window, click <b>OK</b>.</cmd><info><p>
<b>Expected outcome</b>
</p><p>In the DAGs table, the green circle corresponding to the selected DAG appears in the <b>DAG Runs</b> column, which shows that this DAG is executing.</p><p>When the task is completed and if e-mail notification is configured, an e-mail with the test report summary is sent out.</p></info></step>
<step><cmd>Click the <b>Automation Reports</b> tab and view the detailed report of the run.</cmd><info><note>
<p>Each report in addition to the test results such as succeeded or failed, the number of runs, and the duration of execution, contains the following links corresponding to the test suite:</p><ul>
<li>
<p>
<b>View Test Suite Report</b>, which allows to view <filepath>report.html</filepath> file. If the file is not available, the link is disabled.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>
<b>Download Test Report Archive</b>, which allows to download <filepath>report.html</filepath>, <filepath>log.html</filepath> and <filepath>output.xml</filepath> files in zipped format. If the files are not available, the link is disabled.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>
<b>Download Network Traces</b>, which allows to download network traces captured during execution. If no traces were captured, the link is disabled.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>
<b>Download SPS Logs</b>, which allows to download application logs captured from the OAME node during execution. If no logs were captured, the link is disabled.</p>
</li>
</ul>
</note></info></step>
</steps>
</taskbody></task>