<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="id9yz-09126-mt00-rezza-sp2-add-user-tool"><title>add-user tool</title><conbody>
<section><title>Description</title>
<p>This tool is a centralized version of <codeph>useradd</codeph> and it allows you to add a user. This tool runs on OAME nodes and distributes the operation to all the specified nodes. The options applicable to <codeph>useradd</codeph> are directly passed to it. For information on <codeph>useradd</codeph> options, see <codeph>useradd</codeph> manual.</p>
<note>
<p>When a new user logs in to the NCC for the first time, the system forces the user to change the
     user’s default password. For instructions on how to do it, see the procedure
      <!--xref URI: t-oam-changing-password-when-user-created.xml#Changing-user-password-when-user-created--><xref
      keyref="id9YZ-09126-MT00-REZZA-SP2-Changing-user-password-when-user-created"/>.</p>
</note>
</section>
<section><title>Syntax</title>
<p>
<codeph>add-user [options] [user]</codeph>
</p>
<p>
<codeph>add-user -D &lt;options&gt;</codeph>
</p>
<table>
<tgroup cols="2">
<colspec colname="col1"/>
<colspec colname="col2"/>
<thead>
<row>
<entry>
<p>Code</p>
</entry>
<entry>
<p>Description</p>
</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry>
<codeblock>-B</codeblock>
</entry>
<entry>
Enables debug logging.
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
<codeblock>-C</codeblock>
</entry>
<entry>
Continues to run the previously failed operation.
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
<codeblock>-F</codeblock>
</entry>
<entry>
Forces to run the current operation regardless of previous failures.
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
<codeblock>-h</codeblock>
</entry>
<entry>
 Displays this help message and exits.
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
<codeblock>-H &lt;HOST_NAMES&gt;</codeblock>
</entry>
<entry>
Specifies which host names (comma-separated) the operation is applied to. The internal IP addresses can also be used. Overrides <codeph>-T</codeph>. 
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
<codeblock>-P</codeblock>
</entry>
<entry>
Purges failure tracking files.
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
<codeblock>-T &lt;NODE_TYPES&gt;</codeblock>
</entry>
<entry>
<p>Specifies which node types (comma-separated) the operation is applied to.</p>
<p>The valid values are:</p><ul>
<li>
<p>for ME: all, auxiliary, cdr, comsvc, db, diameterapp, iohd, ioho, oame</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>for SM: all, auxiliary, db, ioho, oame, smapp</p>
</li>
</ul>
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
Applicable <codeph>useradd</codeph> options
</entry>
<entry/>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
<codeph>-b &lt;BASE_DIR&gt;</codeph>
</entry>
<entry>
Base directory for the home directory of the new account
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
<codeph>-c &lt;COMMENT&gt;</codeph>
</entry>
<entry>
Description of the new account.
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
<codeph>-d &lt;HOME_DIR&gt;</codeph>
</entry>
<entry>
Home directory of the new account.
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
<codeph>-D</codeph>
</entry>
<entry>
Changes default <codeph>useradd</codeph> configuration.
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
<codeph>-f &lt;INACTIVE&gt;</codeph>
</entry>
<entry>
Password inactivity period of the new account.
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
<codeph>-g &lt;GROUP&gt;</codeph>
</entry>
<entry>
Name or ID of the primary group of the new account.
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
<codeph>-G &lt;GROUPS&gt;</codeph>
</entry>
<entry>
Lists of supplementary groups of the new account.
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
<codeph>-k &lt;SKEL_DIR&gt;</codeph>
</entry>
<entry>
Uses this alternative skeleton directory.
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
<codeph>-K &lt;KEY=VALUE&gt;</codeph>
</entry>
<entry>
Overrides /etc/login.defs defaults.
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
<codeph>-l</codeph>
</entry>
<entry>
Do not add the user to the lastlog and faillog databases.
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
<codeph>-m</codeph>
</entry>
<entry>
Creates the user's home directory.
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
<codeph>-M</codeph>
</entry>
<entry>
Do not create the user's home directory.
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
<codeph>-N</codeph>
</entry>
<entry>
Do not create a group with the same name as the user.
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
<codeph>-o</codeph>
</entry>
<entry>
Allows to create users with duplicate (non-unique) UID.
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
<codeph>-r</codeph>
</entry>
<entry>
Creates a system account.
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
<codeph>-R &lt;CHROOT_DIR&gt;</codeph>
</entry>
<entry>
Directory to chroot into.
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
<codeph>-s &lt;SHELL&gt;</codeph>
</entry>
<entry>
Login shell of the new account.
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
<codeph>-u &lt;UID&gt;</codeph>
</entry>
<entry>
User ID of the new account.
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
<codeph>-U</codeph>
</entry>
<entry>
Creates a group with the same name as the user.
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
<codeph>-Z &lt;SEUSER&gt;</codeph>
</entry>
<entry>
Uses a specific SEUSER for the SELinux user mapping.
</entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</section>
<section><title>Example output</title>
<fig>
<codeblock>[root@sps-me-oame-0 ~]# /opt/tpa/sbin/add-user -T all -g group1 newuser1
&lt;2018.12.04 16:04:22 -0500&gt;&lt;sps-me-oame-0&gt;&lt;add-user&gt; INFO: Checking if the current operation is allowed. 
&lt;2018.12.04 16:04:22 -0500&gt;&lt;sps-me-oame-0&gt;&lt;add-user&gt; INFO: Taking the operation '/usr/sbin/useradd -g "group1" -p \$6\$DLd6f8vB\$cldV1CRS4nwVupeOBp.YGhGYGlP.FSPVgxAnqOLutEOiWsy1LvGZxKaQ10VOlhmWcVBaeGm94OzBWj9mNGYpB1 newuser1' on 'all'.
&lt;2018.12.04 16:04:23 -0500&gt;&lt;sps-me-oame-0&gt;&lt;add-user&gt; INFO: The operation succeeded on all target nodes.
&lt;2018.12.04 16:04:23 -0500&gt;&lt;sps-me-oame-0&gt;&lt;add-user&gt; INFO: Done with success.</codeblock>
</fig>
</section>
</conbody></concept>