<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="id9YZ-09126-MT00-REZZA-SP2-Adding_IP_addresses"><title>Procedure: Using scalable_for_scale file for a VNF</title><taskbody id="d1e69844"><context>
<sectiondiv>
<p><b>Overview</b></p>
<p>This procedure provides instructions on how to update the Scalable file with sufficient number of external network IP addresses needed to scale-out a VNF. When you scale-out a VNF and the number of existing external IP addresses is not enough, the VNF’s Scalable file has to be updated with extra IP addresses needed for the VMs that are being added. The only way to add IP addresses to the Scalable file is to generate the CSAR package again with a new Scalable file using the VNF Generator Tool. This new Scalable file is called scalable_for_scale.json file.</p>
<note>
<p>See the following:</p><ul>
<li>
<p>For instructions on how to generate the CSAR package and the Scalable file, see the VNF Artifacts Generator Tool User Guide.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>For more information on standard lifecycle management and VNF maintenance operations in CBAM, see
                                CBAM documentation referenced in <xref href="document_support.dita"
                                />.</p>
</li>
</ul>
</note>
</sectiondiv>
<note>This procedure applies to the external network only.<p>To update the Scalable file:</p></note></context><steps>
<step><cmd>Contact Nokia Professional Services to obtain the new CSAR package and ensure the following:</cmd><info><ul>
<li>
<p>The external IP address range is extended for a VDU scale-out.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>The new Scalable file is named <filepath>scalable_for_scale.json </filepath> and added to the same output directory in <filepath>cbam_package.zip</filepath> with the original Scalable file.</p>
</li>
</ul></info></step>
<step><cmd>Log in to the CBAM GUI and upload <filepath>scalable_for_scale.json </filepath> file to CBAM using the procedure <i>Changing CSAR package version</i> in <i>Installation and Upgrade Guide</i>.</cmd><info/></step>
</steps>
</taskbody></task>