<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="id9yz-09126-mt00-rezza-sp2-d1e1478"><title>Admin Console administrative tasks</title><conbody>
<section><title>Overview</title>
<p>As the administrator, the bulk of your administrative tasks are done through the <i>Web SSO Admin Console</i>. The correct URL must be used. You can go to the console URL directly at https:// &lt;smhostserver&gt;:8666/auth/admin/ and enter the correct credentials. This further redirects you to the <i>Web SSO Admin Console</i>.</p>
<p>As the administrator, the right-most drop-down menu on the admin console allows you to view your user account or logout from your current session. To enquire about a certain feature, button, or field within the <i>Web SSO Admin Console</i>, simply hover your mouse over any question mark <varname>?</varname> icon, which pops up the tool-tip text to describe the area of the console you are interested in.</p>
<p>This section allows you to select the sps-auth realm, configure realm settings, clients, client scopes, roles, identity providers, user federation, and authentication using the <i>Web SSO Admin Console</i>.</p>
<note>
<p>When a Geo-redundant pair of Service Managers (SMs) are installed and changes are done on the KeyCloak for any of these sites, you must clear the caches (realm, user, and key cache) on the other site to reflect the same changes. The only time that you do not need to do this is the creation and deletion of users, roles and user-role mapping which gets reflected without the need to clear the cache. The changes may include creation, deletion and modification on password policies, user attributes, clients, events etc.</p>
<p>To clear the caches, do the following:</p><ol>
<li>
<p>Select the realm on which the changes were made. </p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Go to "Realm Settings" -&gt; "Cache”.  </p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Click the "Clear" button for all three caches (Realm Cache, User Cache, and Keys Cache).</p>
</li>
</ol>
</note>
</section>
</conbody></concept>