<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="id9yz-09126-mt00-rezza-sp2-d1e85814"><title>Appendix: NCC tools</title><conbody>
<p>This appendix describes the tools that are available outside of the Service Manager GUI. Although
            most provisioning and configuration is done using the Service Manager GUI, the NCC also
            features tools for other specific tasks. The tools are stored in the
                <filepath>/opt/tpa/bin</filepath> directory.</p>
<p>NCC database is managed using a series of command line tools. The tools may be run by the
            customer or by the Nokia support personnel. The tools are provided on the OAME node.</p>
    <section><title>Supported tools</title>
<p>The following tools are supported:</p><ul>
<li>
<p>
<i>db-stats</i>: displays statistics related to the database.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>
                        <i>db-remove-data</i>: used to delete data from a set (table) in the NCC
                        DB.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>
                        <i>configure-sctp</i>: tunes SCTP parameters for this NCC system.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>
<i>db-backup</i>: supports database backups.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>
<i>db-collect-logs tool</i>: used to collect all the data and create a compressed <i>.tar</i> file on the active OAME node.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>
                        <i>db-restore</i>: restores the complete NCC database from a backup copy
                        that was made previously with the db-backup tool.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>
<i>db-list</i>: lists the records in the Aerospike database, which is written in a compressed (.gz) files in a JSON format.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>
<i>log-level</i>: provides get/set/reset log levels from the OAME node to all application servers in the cluster.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>
<i>reload-dictionary</i>: reloads the Rule Attributes Dictionary from the OAME node.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>
                        <i>sps-status</i>: displays status information for this NCC system.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>
<i>TPA_heartbeatStatus</i>: retrieves the heartbeat status on demand.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>
<i>xdr-traffic-control</i>: a CLI tool to accept or reject incoming XDR traffic.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>
<i>force-remote-site-in-service</i>: overrides the heartbeat decision for the member of the heartbeat network community</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>
<i>configure-kafka-partition-keys</i>: sets or modifies selected Kafka parameters.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>
<i>fpm-password</i>: encrypts and decrypts a password with a specified passphrase.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>
<i>configure-manual-oos</i>: manually declares a component that is in a geo-redundant deployment out of service.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>
                        <i>db-scale-in-precheck</i>: checks whether a DB node's scale-in can be
                        triggered for the current NCC system.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>
<i>NRFutils.sh:</i> allows you to trigger a forced broadcast of the NFDiscovery Cache or view the NFDiscovery Cache contents.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>
<i>TPA_control:</i> is used for stopping/starting nodes and clusters.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>
<i>configure-log-timestamp:</i> is used for changing the timestamp mode, which can be either in UTC format or System format.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>
<i>SPS Patching:</i> is used for file-replacement type patching.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>
<i>install-security-patch.sh tool:</i> is used for replacement patching of a security update.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>
<i>configure-auto-heal:</i> allows to configure the maximum number of retries to heal a VM.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>
<i>auto-scale-policy-charging-apps:</i> configures parameters for auto-scaling.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>
<i>configure-brevitycontrolrule.sh:</i> configures brevity control on targeted alarms.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>
<i>mariadb-tools.sh:</i> provides backup and restore for the MariaDB server.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>
<i>iohd-traffic-control</i> provides a method to enable or disable traffic to nodes.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p>You can find the tool that you need in the following tables.</p>
<note>
<p>Any type of system re-configuration, networking changes or any other disruptive changes should be performed on the Standby HA VM. Disruptive changes should not be applied to the Active HA VM. If needed, perform a switchover to apply the changes.</p>
</note>
</section>
</conbody></concept>
