<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="id9YZ-09126-MT00-REZZA-SP2-attrdefin"><title>To install, copy, and distribute the attribute definition and custom vendor definition files</title><taskbody>
<steps>
<step><cmd>If this is an installation, obtain the VsaToContextMapping.xml, AttributeDefinition.xml and CustomVendorDefinition.xml files that you need from the appropriate repository location provided by Nokia.</cmd><info/></step>
<step><cmd>Connect to the SM active OAME as the root user.</cmd><info/></step>
<step><cmd>Put the files obtained in step 1 in a directory of your choice on the SM’s Active OAME. </cmd><info><p>If you have added to the VsaToContextMapping.xml, AttributeDefinition.xml and CustomVendorDefinition.xml files that already exist in the “/opt/tpa/conf/sac/diameter/vsa” directory, go to the next step.</p><note>
<p>Before copying any files to any NCC VMs, the user must execute the df and du Linux commands from
                            each VM to determine the storage available and whether or not the
                            copying of new files can proceed. Usage of the Linux commands df
                            (abbreviation for disk free) and du (abbreviated from disk usage) can be
                            found on every VM via the Linux manual page by using “man df” and “man
                            du” as root user. There are two storage directories that can be used on
                            any VM as follows:</p><ul>
<li>
<p> First choice, is under the /appdata directory which is created and mounted to the cinder volume (OpenStack)/independent disk (VMware) on every VM.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Second choice, is under the /var/log directory which is created and mounted to the cinder volume (OpenStack)/independent disk (VMware) on every VM.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p>If there is enough storage available, proceed.</p>
<p>When you have completed the task, clean-up the files that are no longer needed.</p>
<p>If there is not enough space, either do some clean-up or contact Nokia Support.</p>
</note></info></step>
<step><cmd>Run the following command on each SM's Active OAME:</cmd><info><p>
<userinput>/opt/tpa/bin/distribute-diameter-dictionaries -d &lt;directory&gt;</userinput>
</p><p>Where the &lt;directory&gt; is the directory containing the VsaToContextMapping.xml, AttributeDefinition.xml and CustomVendorDefinition.xml files.</p><p>The command performs the following:</p><ul>
<li>
<p>Pushes the dictionary files to the SM application nodes in that SM site.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Reloads rules in all the SM app nodes.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Creates an archive of the dictionary files and pushes it to the Active OAME node on the ME sites.</p>
</li>
</ul></info></step>
<step><cmd>Run the following command on each ME's Active OAME:</cmd><info><p>
<userinput>/opt/tpa/bin/distribute-diameter-dictionaries</userinput>
</p><p>The command performs the following:</p><ul>
<li>
<p>Extracts the archive already transferred from the SM.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Pushes the dictionary files to the Diameter applications and Common Services nodes in the ME site.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Reloads the rules in all the applicable nodes.</p>
</li>
</ul></info></step>
</steps>
</taskbody></task>