<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="id9YZ-09126-MT00-REZZA-SP2-attrdefinadd"><title>To add to the attribute definition and custom vendor definition files</title><taskbody>
<steps>
<step><cmd>Connect to the SM active OAME as the root user.</cmd><info/></step>
<step><cmd>Open the AttributeDefinition.xml and CustomVendorDefinition.xml files that you need from the “/opt/tpa/conf/sac/diameter/vsa” directory using a text editor.</cmd><info><p>The following files are sample files that are installed by default.</p><ul>
<li>
<p>/opt/tpa/conf/sac/diameter/vsa/AttributeDefinitionTemplate.xml</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>/opt/tpa/conf/sac/diameter/vsa/CustomVendorDefinition.xml</p>
</li>
</ul></info></step>
<step>
                <cmd>To add or modify a dictionary file, define the vendor_name and vendor_id in the
                    CustomVendorDefinition.xml file to notify the system that the vendor is valid
                    and supported by the NCC.</cmd>
                <info>
                    <p>For example, to add Motorola, type:</p>
                    <p>
                        <userinput>&lt;vendor id=</userinput>”161” name=”MOT”/&gt;</p>
                </info>
            </step>
<step><cmd>Save and close the CustomVendorDefinition.xml file.</cmd><info/></step>
<step><cmd>Open or create a vendor dictionary file to add or modify attributes. Use the following format for the filename: AttributeDefinition&lt;VENDOR_NAME&gt;.xml; for example,</cmd><info><p>
<userinput>AttributeDefinitionTemplate.xml</userinput>
</p><p>You can modify all of the parameters in the .xml file, which are described in the following table. The AttributeDefinition&lt;VENDOR_NAME&gt;.xml file defines a list of VSAs. Each vendor has a separate file.</p><table>
<tgroup cols="2">
<colspec colname="col1"/>
<colspec colname="col2"/>
<thead>
<row>
<entry>
<p>Parameter</p>
</entry>
<entry>
<p>Description</p>
</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry>
attribute code
</entry>
<entry>
Integer assigned to the attribute by the vendor
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
&lt;vendorName&gt;
</entry>
<entry>
Each vendor has a unique vendor ID.
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
&lt;name&gt;
</entry>
<entry>
Name of the attribute
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
&lt;format&gt;
</entry>
<entry>
The Diameter AVP format
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
&lt;mFlag&gt;
</entry>
<entry>
<p>Determines whether AVP support is mandatory. The options are:</p><ul>
<li>
<p>REQUIRED*</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>OPTIONAL</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>FORBIDDEN</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p>Must be set to REQUIRED; otherwise, the VSA is not loaded.</p>
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
&lt;pFlag&gt;
</entry>
<entry>
<p>Determines whether end-to-end encryption is required. The options are:</p><ul>
<li>
<p>REQUIRED</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>OPTIONAL</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>FORBIDDEN</p>
</li>
</ul>
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
&lt;vFlag&gt;
</entry>
<entry>
<p>Any attribute that is a VSA and is added to a vendor dictionary must specify REQUIRED for the &lt;vFlag&gt; in its definition; otherwise, the VSA is not loaded.</p><ul>
<li>
<p>REQUIRED</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>OPTIONAL</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>FORBIDDEN</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p>This restriction does not apply to standard attributes.</p>
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
&lt;encrypt&gt;
</entry>
<entry>
<p>The type of encryption used to encrypt and decrypt the attribute. The options are:</p><ul>
<li>
<p>True to encrypt</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>False otherwise</p>
</li>
</ul>
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
&lt;register&gt;
</entry>
<entry>
<p>Determines whether the Diameter AVP definition should be registered. The options are:</p><ul>
<li>
<p>True (to register)</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>False otherwise</p>
</li>
</ul>
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
&lt;proprietary&gt;
</entry>
<entry>
<p>Determines whether the dictionary is proprietary. The options are:</p><ul>
<li>
<p>True (VSA, proprietary)</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>False (standard non-proprietary)</p>
</li>
</ul>
</entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table></info></step>
<step><cmd>Perform <!--xref URI: #attrdefin--><xref keyref="id9YZ-09126-MT00-REZZA-SP2-attrdefin"/> to copy and distribute the VsaToContextMapping.xml, attribute definition, and custom vendor definition files.</cmd><info/></step>
</steps>
</taskbody></task>