<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="id9yz-09126-mt00-rezza-sp2-change-password-tool"><title>change-passwd tool</title><conbody>
<section><title>Description</title>
<p>This tool changes user password.</p>
</section>
<section><title>Syntax</title>
<p>
<codeph>change-passwd [options] [user]</codeph>
</p>
<p>where <codeph>[user]</codeph> specifies whose password to update. If not specified, it means the current user.</p>
<table>
<tgroup cols="2">
<colspec colname="col1"/>
<colspec colname="col2"/>
<thead>
<row>
<entry>
<p>Code</p>
</entry>
<entry>
<p>Description</p>
</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry>
<codeblock>-B</codeblock>
</entry>
<entry>
Enables debug logging.
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
<codeblock>-h</codeblock>
</entry>
<entry>
Displays this help message and exits.
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
<codeblock>-H &lt;HOST_NAMES&gt;</codeblock>
</entry>
<entry>
Specifies which host names (comma-separated) the operation is applied to. The internal IP addresses can also be used. Overrides <codeph>-T</codeph>. 
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
<codeblock>-T &lt;NODE_TYPES&gt;</codeblock>
</entry>
<entry>
<p>Specifies which node types (comma-separated) the operation is applied to.</p>
<p>The valid values are:</p><ul>
<li>
<p>for ME: all, auxiliary, cdr, comsvc, db, diameterapp, iohd, ioho and oame</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>for SM: all, auxiliary, db, ioho, oame and smapp</p>
</li>
</ul>
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
<codeblock>-x &lt;HOST_NAMES&gt;</codeblock>
</entry>
<entry>
Specifies host names (comma-separated) to be excluded from the list derived from <codeph>-T</codeph>. The internal IP addresses can also be used. It is meaningful only when <codeph>-T</codeph> is present.
</entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</section>
<section><title>Example output</title>
<fig>
<codeblock>[newuser6@sps-me-auxiliary-0 ~]$ /usr/local/bin/change-passwd -T all -x sps-me-auxiliary-0 newuser6
The current password:
The new password:
Retype the new password:
&lt;2019.02.13 12:32:42 -0500&gt;&lt;sps-me-auxiliary-0&gt;&lt;change-passwd&gt; INFO: Changing password for 'newuser6' on 'all' excluding 'sps-me-auxiliary-0'.
&lt;2019.02.13 12:32:43 -0500&gt;&lt;sps-me-auxiliary-0&gt;&lt;change-passwd&gt; INFO: Done with success.</codeblock>
</fig>
</section>
</conbody></concept>