<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="id9yz-09126-mt00-rezza-sp2-createfilters2"><title>Building message filters</title><prolog><resourceid id="createfilters2"/></prolog><conbody>
<section><title>Message filter parameters</title>
<p>The NCC uses message filters for base Diameter message validation and application message
                processing. For a given context, a filter applies a specified action to a message
                based on a specified attribute. </p>
<p>You can build a filter with the criteria and actions that will be sequentially applied to each message under specific icons in specified applications. Filters can be built by adding elements as they are required in the interface. The options available are dependent on the element that’s currently selected. For example, filter criterion can only be added when a filter is selected. </p>
<p>Note that when building a filter, any necessary filter criteria must be placed before the filter action(s) in the GUI or API call. Filters can be dragged up or down to determine the sequence in which they should be evaluated.</p>
<p>Every profile form in the GUI using message filters displays only the <userinput>basic</userinput> options applicable for the profile. </p>
<p>The list of criteria and actions displayed in the drop-down varies with respect to the profile, for example, in a routing profile the criteria <i>Diameter Request</i> lists the action <i>Route-To-Chosen-Peer</i>, whereas in message validation profile it lists the action <i>Perform-Base-Validation</i>. To view <userinput>advanced</userinput> options for message filters, click the <i>View More Options</i> check-box to re-load the profile GUI with more options.</p>
<p>When using applications and commands as part of message filter criteria values, you can have either textual names or numeric values, for example, criteria such as Application = “Gx” or Command = “CCR”. Because a command’s definition is relative to a particular application, command criteria cannot appear without also defining the application criteria in the same message filter. Auto suggest can always be used for choosing attributes in the Add Message Filter configuration panels.</p>
<p>The following tables describe the parameters for filter groups, filters, criterion, and action.<table><title>Filter group</title>
<tgroup cols="2">
<colspec colname="col1"/>
<colspec colname="col3"/>
<thead>
<row>
<entry>
<p>Field</p>
</entry>
<entry>
<p>Description</p>
</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry>
name
</entry>
<entry>
The name of the filter group
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
filter
</entry>
<entry>
The list of filter(s) defined for the filter group
</entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table></p>
<table><title>Filter</title>
<tgroup cols="2">
<colspec colname="col1"/>
<colspec colname="col3"/>
<thead>
<row>
<entry>
<p>Field</p>
</entry>
<entry>
<p>Description</p>
</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry>
Filter Name
</entry>
<entry>
The name of the message filter
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
Filter Criterion
</entry>
<entry>
An ordered collection of zero or more filter attribute criterion that allows you to select the message type, attribute with an operator, a value, and another operator if required. You can add a list of criterion for the message.
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
Filter Actions
</entry>
<entry>
An ordered collection of one or more filter actions that allows you to select the message type, action attribute with an operator, and a value.
</entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
<table><title>Filter criterion</title>
<tgroup cols="2">
<colspec colname="col1"/>
<colspec colname="col2"/>
<thead>
<row>
<entry>
<p>Field</p>
</entry>
<entry>
<p>Description</p>
</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry>
name
</entry>
<entry>
The name of the attribute
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
context
</entry>
<entry>
The name of the context in which this attribute resides
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
operator
</entry>
<entry>
<p>The following operators can be added from the drop down list.</p>
<p>PRESENT </p>
<p>NOT_PRESENT</p>
<p>EQUAL</p>
<p>NOT_EQUAL, </p>
<p>GREATER_THAN</p>
<p>LESS_THAN</p>
<p>GREATER_THAN_OR_EQUAL</p>
<p>LESS_THAN_OR_EQUAL, CONTAINS</p>
<p>DOES_NOT_CONTAIN, MATCH_PATTERN</p>
<p>DOES_NOT_MATCH_PATTERN</p>
<p> CASE_INSENSITIVE_EQUAL </p>
<p>CASE_INSENSITIVE_NOT_EQUAL</p>
<p>CASE_INSENSITIVE_MATCH_PATTERN</p>
<p>CASE_INSENSITIVE_DOES_NOT_MATCH_PATTERN</p>
<p>The list of available operators is determined by the data type of attribute.</p>
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
Attribute value
</entry>
<entry>
The value(s) the attribute must match to trigger the associated action. (Optional)
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
Parameter Name and Value
</entry>
<entry>
<p>For parameterized actions, the parameter.</p>
<p>names and values</p>
<p>(Optional)</p>
</entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
<table><title>Filter action</title>
<tgroup cols="2">
<colspec colname="col1"/>
<colspec colname="col3"/>
<thead>
<row>
<entry>
<p>Field</p>
</entry>
<entry>
<p>Description</p>
</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry>
name
</entry>
<entry>
The name of the filter action
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
context
</entry>
<entry>
The name of the context in which the action resides
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
Parameter Name and Value
</entry>
<entry rowsep="0">
<p>For parameterized actions, the parameter names and values</p>
<p>Optional</p>
</entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</section>
</conbody></concept>