<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="id9YZ-09126-MT00-REZZA-SP2-d1e66761"><title>Ensuring that the recovering site stays OOS</title><taskbody><steps>
<stepsection>Perform this procedure (for catastrophic failure) to configure the “set_oos_drr”
        parameter to “true” using the CBAM interface or the VNF EXTENSION.json file on the
        recovering site.</stepsection>
<step><cmd>Update the VNF EXTENSION.json file or update using the CBAM interface to configure the “set_oos_drr” parameter to “true”. The “set_oos_drr” parameter is part of the VNF EXTENTION and defines whether or not a VNF stays in the OOS state. When this parameter is set to true, the instantiated VNF remains in the OOS state until the Disaster Recovery procedure has been executed. </cmd><info><p>This step will ensure that the recovering ME, SM, and/or IG will instantiate on OOS (Out Of Service) state and live traffic will not be routed on the recovering site. In this step, configuration files (XXX_ ME_VNF EXTENTION.json, XXX_ SM_VNF EXTENTION.json) which were used to instantiate the ME, SM, and/or IG before disaster, will be updated. Value "set_oos_drr" flag in both files need to be updated as "true" before re-instantiation of ME, SM, and/or IG. for example:</p><fig>
<codeblock>VNF EXTENTION.json
    {
      "name": "localize_and_start_sps",
      "value": "true"
    },
    {
      "name": "set_oos_drr",
      "value": "true"
    },
    {
      "name": "ntp_servers",
      "value": "135.111.9.166,4,y"</codeblock>
</fig></info></step>
<step><cmd>Instantiate the ME, IG, and/or SM using the VNF EXTENTION.json file from the first step.</cmd><info/></step>
<step>
        <cmd>If the OAME VMs are logged in ahead of the restore operation, then refer to the <i>NCC
            Installation and Upgrade Guide</i> and execute the "Changing password on first login"
          procedure for the tpaadmin user.</cmd>
        <info>
          <p> The password used for this procedure can be anything that follows the default password
            complexity rules listed under the "Security and user management" section in the OAM
            Guide, or it can be the same password that has been backed up. The restore procedure
            will restore the password of tpaadmin that was backed up.</p>
          <p>Refer </p>
        </info>
      </step>
<step><cmd>Log in to the CBAM GUI and select the VNFs tab. The VNF-specific window appears.</cmd><info/></step>
<step><cmd>Select the VNF on which you want to configure the “set_oos_drr” parameter to “true”. </cmd><info/></step>
<step><cmd>Click OK.</cmd><info/></step>
</steps>
</taskbody></task>