<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="id9yz-09126-mt00-rezza-sp2-forceremotehb"><title>force-remote-site-in-service tool</title><conbody>
<section><title>Description</title>
<p>This command tool can be used to treat another member in a heartbeat community as in service so that processing on behalf of that member will stop. The tool overrides the heartbeat decision for the member that the tool is run on, which continues until a direct heartbeat is received from the errant member.</p>
<p>This tool should only be used in deployments that have two SMs and two MEs in two locations.</p>
</section>
<section><title>Syntax</title>
<p>From the member that sees the remote member as OOS, log in to the OAME as tpaadmin and execute the command, as follows. The site id in the topology of the network is used as the key to turn on and off the forced in service state.</p>
<codeblock>force-remote-site-in-service [-f &lt;site_ID&gt;] [-i] [-c &lt;site_ID&gt;] </codeblock>
<note>
<p>The tool needs to be run on all the SMs and MEs.</p>
</note>
<table>
<tgroup cols="2">
<colspec colname="col1"/>
<colspec colname="col2"/>
<thead>
<row>
<entry>
<p>
<b>Code</b>
</p>
</entry>
<entry>
<p>
<b>Description</b>
</p>
</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry>
<codeblock>-h or -?</codeblock>
</entry>
<entry>
Displays usage/help information.
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
<codeblock>-f &lt;site_ID&gt;[:&lt;component&gt;]</codeblock>
</entry>
<entry>
<p>Sets the member to IS from the other member. Applies to the specified component (sm or me) or to all components in the site.</p>
<p>For example, it sets the member 2 ME component to IS from member 1.</p>
<p>
<userinput>force-remote-site-in-service -f 2:me</userinput>
</p>
<p>
<i>The Site 2 ME is forced in service.</i>
</p>
<p>Further, to the example,</p>
<p>-f 2 —without the :&lt;component&gt; all components at site 2</p>
<p>or</p>
<p>-f 2:sm —with the :sm gives you just the sm component of site 2</p>
<p>or</p>
<p>-f 2:me —with the :me  gives you just the me component of site 2</p>
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
<codeblock>-i </codeblock>
</entry>
<entry>
<p>Displays a list of members that have been “forced” to an IS state. For example:</p>
<p>
<userinput>force-remote-site-in-service -i</userinput>
</p>
<p>
<i>The following sites are forced in service: </i>
</p>
<p>
<i>2 ME</i>
</p>
<p>
<i>2 SM </i>
</p>
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
<codeblock>-c &lt;site_ID&gt;[:&lt;component&gt;]</codeblock>
</entry>
<entry>
<p>Manually clears the forced IS state for a member’s component. Applies to the specified component (sm or me) or to all components in the site. For example:</p>
<p>
<userinput>&gt; force-remote-site-in-service -c 2:sm</userinput>
</p>
<p>
<i>The ME in Site 2 is no longer forced in service.</i>
</p>
<p>Further, to the example,</p>
<p>-c 2 —without the :&lt;component&gt; all components at site 2</p>
<p>or</p>
<p>-c 2:sm —with the :sm gives you just the sm component of site 2</p>
<p>or</p>
<p>-c 2:me —with the :me  gives you just the me component of site 2</p>
</entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</section>
</conbody></concept>