<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="id9yz-09126-mt00-rezza-sp2-fpmpswd"><title>fpm-password tool</title><conbody>
<section><title>Description</title>
<p>This tool is used to encrypt a particular password with a specified passphrase. This tool is available on the OAME nodes at <filepath>/bin/fpm-password</filepath>.</p>
<note>
<p>When encrypted parameters are used and must be decrypted before they are used, these parameters are decrypted automatically without using this tool.</p>
</note>
<p>The password is encrypted in accordance with the following:</p><ul>
<li>
<p>The input password must contain at least eight characters.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>The input password must not contain prohibited characters and combinations. </p>
</li>
</ul>
<note>
<p>Usage of the fpm-password tool is only available on the OAME VMs post-instantiate. Configuration of the snmp/users/v3 parameter can only be done after an installation or software upgrade.</p>
</note>
<table><title>Characters and combinations prohibited in passwords</title>
<tgroup cols="2">
<colspec colname="col1"/>
<colspec colname="col2"/>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry>
Characters
</entry>
<entry>
; ( ) " ' ` \ | # &amp; &lt; &gt;
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
Combinations
</entry>
<entry>
&lt;any chars&gt;!&lt;any chars&gt; #&lt;any chars&gt;
</entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</section>
<section><title>Syntax</title>
<codeblock>fpm-password en &lt;input-password&gt; &lt;passphrase&gt;</codeblock>
<p>
<codeph>fpm-password de &lt;encrypted-password&gt; &lt;passphrase&gt;</codeph>
</p>
<p>where &lt;passphrase&gt; is the <codeph>&lt;AES-pass&gt;</codeph> in plain text.</p>
<note>
<p>The passphrase to decrypt the password must be the same that was used to encrypt that password.</p>
</note>
<table>
<tgroup cols="2">
<colspec colname="col1"/>
<colspec colname="col2"/>
<thead>
<row>
<entry>
<p>Code</p>
</entry>
<entry>
<p>Description</p>
</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry>
<codeph>en &lt;input-password&gt; &lt;passphrase&gt;</codeph>
</entry>
<entry>
Encrypts a particular password with a specified passphrase.
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
<codeph>de &lt;encrypted-password&gt; &lt;passphrase&gt;</codeph>
</entry>
<entry>
Decrypts a particular password with a specified passphrase.
</entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</section>
<section><title>Example</title>
<p>For example, to encrypt &lt;snmp_priv_passwd&gt;, enter:</p>
<p>
<codeph>fpm-password en &lt;snmp_priv_passwd&gt; &lt;snmp_passphrase&gt;</codeph>
</p>
<p>
<b>Expected outcome</b>
</p>
<p>The following encrypted value is generated:</p>
<p>
<systemoutput>U2FsdGVkX18nlouweC7yc/Lh0Mug4MResz2rp9eF+cM=</systemoutput>
</p>
<note>
<p>The output is shown on the console only.</p>
</note>
</section>
<section><title>Example output</title>
<fig>
<codeblock>[tpaadmin@sps-ig-oame-1 ~]$ fpm-password en test@password testpassphrase 
U2FsdGVkX18nlouweC7yc/Lh0Mug4MResz2rp9eF+cM=

[tpaadmin@sps-ig-oame-1 ~]$ fpm-password de U2FsdGVkX18nlouweC7yc/Lh0Mug4MResz2rp9eF+cM= testpassphrase test@password</codeblock>
</fig>
</section>
</conbody></concept>