<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="id9yz-09126-mt00-rezza-sp2-d1e1282"><title>GUI elements</title><conbody>
<section><title>Log in and log out of the Web SSO GUI</title>
<note>Before logging in to the Web SSO GUI (Keycloak GUI), you must go to the <i>NCC Installation
                    and Upgrade Guide</i> and execute the procedures: "Enabling DFSEC on IOHO VMs”
                and "Enabling Web SSO on SM App VMs".<p> </p></note>
<p>To log into the Web SSO GUI as an administrator, open the web browser and enter <filepath>https://&lt;smhostserver&gt;:8666/auth/</filepath> in the address bar. Then, enter the username and password to access the Web SSO server GUI.</p>
<note>
<p>The above mentioned username and password credentials are stored in system parameters, so they need to be in sync if SM login is to interact correctly with the WebSSO server. The following command can be used to view and change the credentials used by SM to communicate with the WebSSO server:</p>
<p>
<codeph>TPA_systemProp | grep CKEY</codeph>
</p>
<p>
<codeph>CKEY Admin User</codeph>
</p>
<p>
<codeph>CKEY Admin Password</codeph>
</p>
</note>
<note>
<p>Contact Nokia Services to obtain all the correct credentials.</p>
</note>
<note>
<p>Generally, an SM user, that is not an administrator, only needs to log in to the SM as usual and the SM redirects the user as required.</p>
</note>
<sectiondiv>
<p><b>Launch pad</b></p>
<p>Once a user logs into the Web SSO server GUI, the <i>Launch Pad</i> is displayed that provides various options. You can select the desired category under which all the entities belonging to that particular category are available.</p>
<table pgwide="1"><title>Categories available on the Web SSO server GUI</title>
<tgroup cols="2">
<colspec colname="col1"/>
<colspec colname="col2"/>
<thead>
<row>
<entry>
<p>Category</p>
</entry>
<entry>
<p>Description</p>
</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry>
Administration Console
</entry>
<entry>
Allows you to centrally manage all aspects of the Web SSO server by redirecting to the <i>Admin Console</i> of the Web SSO server.
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
Documentation
</entry>
<entry>
Allows you to access the documentation related to Web SSO server information, such as server installation and configuration guide, server administration guide, and Javadocs amongst many others.
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
Keycloak Project
</entry>
<entry>
Allows you to learn Web SSO server basics, such as adding authentication to Web SSO server applications and securing services.
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
Mailing List
</entry>
<entry>
Allows you to manage or subscribe to the Web SSO user mailing list.
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
Report an issue
</entry>
<entry>
Allows you to resolve any known Web SSO server issues by redirecting to the known issues list and their related workarounds.
</entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</sectiondiv>
</section>
</conbody></concept>