<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="id9yz-09126-mt00-rezza-sp2-d1e84574"><title>Live migration of a VM in VMware using vMotion</title><conbody>
<section><title>Overview</title>
<p>VMware vMotion is the process of migrating a live VM from one physical hosts (ESXi) to a different physical host (ESXi). This process is used for planned maintenance, physical server upgrade or for resolving server issues when the server needs to be out of service. vMotion is not used for HA.</p>
<p>vMotion requires that both source host and target hosts are running. It is recommended to have a dedicated high-speed network available for vMotion since there will be lot of RAM data (based on the amount of Diameter session and User/Device/Group data) that has to be transferred from one host to another. It is expected that there will be some pause of active VM during the migration.</p>
<p>For information on VMware vMotion, see <xref format="html" href="https://docs.vmware.com/en/vmware-vsphere/6.5/com.vmware.vsphere.vcenterhost.doc/guid-d19ea1cb-5222-49f9-a002-4f8692b92d63.html" scope="external">VMware documentation</xref>.</p>
<sectiondiv>
<p><b>NCC restrictions</b></p>
<p>The NCC has the following restrictions in relation to VMware vMotion process:</p><ul>
<li>
<p>For 1+1 VMs, only one VM should be migrated at once.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>For N+K VMs, maximum K nodes should be migrated at once.</p>
</li>
</ul>
</sectiondiv>
<sectiondiv>
<p><b>Requirements</b></p>
<p>The VMware vMotion requires the following:</p><ul>
<li>
<p>The target host/server should have sufficient resources on the target host to support the new migrated VM.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>The target host CPU should be compatible, which mean that source and target CPUs must have the same manufacturer (AMD or Intel) and have a common set of features implemented.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Migrations with vMotion are completely transparent to the running VM.</p>
</li>
</ul>
</sectiondiv>
</section>
</conbody></concept>