<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="id9yz-09126-mt00-rezza-sp2-d1e83705"><title>ME site isolation</title><conbody>
<section>
<title>When to use</title>
<p>This procedure can be used in cases where a maintenance activity on an Out-Of-Service (OOS) ME is
                needed or when an ME needs to be analyzed in isolation (M-OOS state). Site isolation
                allows operators to manually configure an NCC ME to be in the OOS state. An ME that
                enters the M-OOS state, does not provide service to the network elements connected
                to it. Optionally, XDR can also be disabled. </p>
<p>Protocols operating on the following external interfaces are not available to an OOS ME; however, the Monitored services such as LTM, TEM, Policy, and heartbeat reporting to members of the community remain in service. </p><ul>
<li>
<p>Diameter </p>
</li>
<li>
<p>NAP/UD Notifications</p>
<p>An NCC taken out of Service Manually will report an M-OOS Service state to members within the NCC
                        community. This M-OOS State will be reported through the OAM channel. The ME
                        does not receive NAP notifications directly, but they are sent to the
                        Service Manager (SM). In cases where a NAP Notification is destined to the
                        ME that has been declared down, the SM will no longer consider this ME
                        available and will route the message to the secondary. No action is required
                        from the operator.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>LDAP</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p>To achieve site isolation, the following are performed:</p><ol>
<li>
<p>Disabling LDAP via SM</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Manually placing the site in an OOS state.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Suppressing XDR Communication</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Verifying that communication through external interfaces has been suppressed.</p>
</li>
</ol>
<p>Then you will:</p><ol>
<li>
<p>Return the ME to service</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Verify that the ME site is functioning properly.</p>
</li>
</ol>
</section>
</conbody></concept>