<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="id9yz-09126-mt00-rezza-sp2-modify-user-tool"><title>modify-user tool</title><conbody>
<section><title>Description</title>
<p>This tool modifies a user. This tool is a centralized version of <codeph>usermod</codeph>. It runs on OAME nodes and distributes the operation to all the specified nodes. The options applicable to <codeph>usermod</codeph> are directly passed to it. For information on <codeph>usermod</codeph> options, see <codeph>usermod</codeph> manual.</p>
</section>
<section><title>Syntax</title>
<p>
<codeph>modify-user [options] [user]</codeph>
</p>
<table>
<tgroup cols="2">
<colspec colname="col1"/>
<colspec colname="col2"/>
<thead>
<row>
<entry>
<p>Code</p>
</entry>
<entry>
<p>Description</p>
</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry>
<codeblock>-B</codeblock>
</entry>
<entry>
Enables debug logging.
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
<codeblock>-C</codeblock>
</entry>
<entry>
Continues to run the previously failed operation.
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
<codeblock>-F</codeblock>
</entry>
<entry>
Forces to run the current operation regardless of previous failures.
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
<codeblock>-h</codeblock>
</entry>
<entry>
 Displays this help message and exits.
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
<codeblock>-H &lt;HOST_NAMES&gt;</codeblock>
</entry>
<entry>
Specifies which host names (comma-separated) the operation is applied to. The internal IP addresses can also be used. Overrides <codeph>-T</codeph>. 
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
<codeblock>-P</codeblock>
</entry>
<entry>
Purges failure tracking files.
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
<codeblock>-T &lt;NODE_TYPES&gt;</codeblock>
</entry>
<entry>
<p>Specifies which node types (comma-separated) the operation is applied to.</p>
<p>The valid values are:</p><ul>
<li>
<p>for ME: all, auxiliary, cdr, comsvc, db, diameterapp, iohd, ioho, oame</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>for SM: all, auxiliary, db, ioho, oame, smapp</p>
</li>
</ul>
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
Applicable <codeph>usermod</codeph> options
</entry>
<entry/>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
<codeph>-a</codeph>
</entry>
<entry>
Appends the user to the supplemental GROUPS mentioned by <codeph>-G</codeph> option without removing the user from other groups.
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
<codeph>-c &lt;COMMENT&gt;</codeph>
</entry>
<entry>
New value of the GECOS field.
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
<codeph>-d &lt;HOME_DIR&gt;</codeph>
</entry>
<entry>
Home directory of the new account.
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
<codeph>-e &lt;EXPIRE_DATE&gt;</codeph>
</entry>
<entry>
Sets the account’s expiration date to EXPIRE_DATE.
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
<codeph>-f &lt;INACTIVE&gt;</codeph>
</entry>
<entry>
Sets password to INACTIVE after expiration.
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
<codeph>-g &lt;GROUP&gt;</codeph>
</entry>
<entry>
Forces to use GROUP as a new primary group.
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
<codeph>-G &lt;GROUPS&gt;</codeph>
</entry>
<entry>
New list of supplementary GROUPS.
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
<codeph>-l &lt;NEW_LOGIN&gt;</codeph>
</entry>
<entry>
New value of the login name.
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
<codeph>-L</codeph>
</entry>
<entry>
Locks the user account.
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
<codeph>-m</codeph>
</entry>
<entry>
Moves contents of the home directory to a new location (use only with <codeph>-d</codeph>).
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
<codeph>-o</codeph>
</entry>
<entry>
Allows to use duplicate (non-unique) UID.
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
<codeph>-R &lt;CHROOT_DIR&gt;</codeph>
</entry>
<entry>
Directory to chroot into.
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
<codeph>-s &lt;SHELL&gt;</codeph>
</entry>
<entry>
New login shell for the user account.
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
<codeph>-u &lt;UID&gt;</codeph>
</entry>
<entry>
New UID for the user account.
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
<codeph>-U</codeph>
</entry>
<entry>
Unlocks the user account.
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
<codeph>-Z &lt;SEUSER&gt;</codeph>
</entry>
<entry>
New SELinux user mapping for the user account.
</entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</section>
<section><title>Example output</title>
<fig>
<codeblock>[root@sps-me-oame-0 ~]# /opt/tpa/sbin/modify-user -T all -s /bin/sh newuser1
&lt;2018.12.04 16:09:53 -0500&gt;&lt;sps-me-oame-0&gt;&lt;modify-user&gt; INFO: Checking if the current operation is allowed. 
&lt;2018.12.04 16:09:53 -0500&gt;&lt;sps-me-oame-0&gt;&lt;modify-user&gt; INFO: Taking the operation '/usr/sbin/usermod -s "/bin/sh"  newuser1' on 'all'.
&lt;2018.12.04 16:09:54 -0500&gt;&lt;sps-me-oame-0&gt;&lt;modify-user&gt; INFO: The operation succeeded on all target nodes.
&lt;2018.12.04 16:09:54 -0500&gt;&lt;sps-me-oame-0&gt;&lt;modify-user&gt; INFO: Done with success.</codeblock>
</fig>
</section>
</conbody></concept>