<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="id9yz-09126-mt00-rezza-sp2-d1e104116"><title>NOKIA-ENHANCED-SNMP-SOLUTION-SUITE-COMMON-DEFINITION DEFINITIONS</title><conbody>
<section><title>Overview</title>
<p>This section contains the NOKIA-ENHANCED-SNMP-SOLUTION-SUITE-COMMON-DEFINITION DEFINITIONS file.</p>
<fig>
<codeblock>NOKIA-ENHANCED-SNMP-SOLUTION-SUITE-COMMON-DEFINITION DEFINITIONS ::= BEGIN

-- ===============================================================
--     Copyright (C) Nokia Networks 2005,2017
-- ===============================================================
--
--
-- Description:  MIB file for the Nokia SNMP Solution Suite for
--               3GPP Alarm Integration Reference Point
--               Purpose is to specify the Fault Management
--               interface for Nokia NetAct.
--               Further information can be found in the Interface
--               specification 
--                    Enhanced SNMP Solution Suite - Fault Management
--               
--
-- Protocol:     SNMPv2c MIB (Simple network management protocol,
--               version 2c, Management Information Base  )
-- Format:       SMIv2
--
-- Version 
-- 0.9         : Initial Version
-- 1.0         : Changes to Description clauses
--               noiSnmpAlarmIrpCommon instead of nokiaSnmpAlarmIrpCommon
-- 1.1.          OID change, Open SNMP IF now Enhanced SNMP Solution
--               Suite        
-- 1.2.3       : NoiNotificationType introduced
--               Version synchronised with Interface specification
-- 1.2.4       : NE3S OID Registration MIB File has been renamed,
--               to avoid naming conflict with Nokia general OID 
--               registration MIB.
-- 1.2.5       : noiOpenInterfaceModule imported from 
--               NOKIA-NE3S-REGISTRATION-MIB
--               Previous Version wrong
--
-- 1.2.6       : numbering of the elements in NoiNotificationType 
--               uses now same values as the corresponding Notifications
--               i.e.
--                noiAlarmChanged (5)
--                noiAlarmChanged NOTIFICATION-TYPE ::= { noiAlarmNotification 5}
-- 1.2.7       : NoiProbableCause now aligned with values used by 3GPP 
--               (i.e. same values as used in 3GPP Corba Solution Suite
--               The value "Indeterminate (0)" as an extension to 3GPP kept
--               NoiAdditionalText now up to 255 characters. 
--               Optional delimiter introduced to allow two logical fields
--               inside 
--               Wording in Description Clauses modified
-- 1.2.8      : Version change only, no changes to MIB
-- 1.2.9      : NoiProbableCause - values updated. to comply to latest 3GPP Rel 4 specification
-- 1.3.0      : Unicode support, more additional text fields, alarm UUID, text field maximum sizes increased. Added new event types and probable cause values
-- ===============================================================
-- Author         : M.Grosse-Kreul et. al.
-- Version        : 1.3.0
-- Last Update : 8.2.2017
--================================================================


--======================================================================
-- NAMING CONVENTION
-- 
-- All Items (Module Indentity and Textual Convention)
-- are prefixed with 'Noi' or 'noi'
-- 'Noi' shall represent the abbreviation  of Nokia  Open  Interface 
--======================================================================


IMPORTS
       
        Integer32, MODULE-IDENTITY
                FROM SNMPv2-SMI
        DisplayString, DateAndTime, TEXTUAL-CONVENTION
                FROM SNMPv2-TC
        noiOpenInterfaceModule
                FROM NOKIA-NE3S-REGISTRATION-MIB;

-- ======================================================================
-- MODULE DEFINITION
-- ======================================================================

noiSnmpAlarmIrpCommon MODULE-IDENTITY
        LAST-UPDATED "201702080000Z"
        ORGANIZATION "Nokia Networks"
        CONTACT-INFO 
                    "e-mail: NET-IMN-OM-NE3S-DL@nokia.com"
        DESCRIPTION "The definition of common parameters used for 
                     Nokia SNMP Solution Set of the 3GPP Alarm IRP
                     also known as NE3S Interface."
        REVISION "201702080000Z"
        DESCRIPTION "Version 1.3.0"
::= { noiOpenInterfaceModule 1 }


--======================================================================
-- TEXTUAL CONVENTIONS
-- 
-- Conventions are in alphabetical order
--======================================================================



NoiAcknowledgementState ::= TEXTUAL-CONVENTION
        STATUS  current
        DESCRIPTION 
                 "Identifies the state of the alarm in the alarm table.
                  If the agent does not support the concept of
                  acknowledgement, than the value 'indeterminate (3)' shall 
                  be used"
        SYNTAX INTEGER {
                acknowledged (1),
                unacknowledged (2),
                indeterminate (3) }


NoiAcknowledgementTime ::= TEXTUAL-CONVENTION
        STATUS current
        DESCRIPTION
                "The acknowledgement time is used to set the last time 
                 when the acknowledgement state of an alarm in
                 the alarm table has been changed.
                 If the agent does not support the concept of acknowledgement,
                 than the acknowledgement time shall be empty 
                 (string length zero(0)) in the alarm table or alarm log."
        SYNTAX DateAndTime


NoiAcknowledgementUserId ::= TEXTUAL-CONVENTION
       DISPLAY-HINT "10t"
       STATUS current
       DESCRIPTION
                "The acknowledgement user id is used to identify the last 
                 user who has changed the acknowledgement state of an 
                 alarm in the alarm table.
                 When no user information is conveyed, the value can be 
                 an empty string (i.e. length of the OCTET STRING shall 
                 be 0).
                 The default value is also an empty string"
        SYNTAX OCTET STRING (SIZE (0..10))

NoiAdditionalText ::= TEXTUAL-CONVENTION
        DISPLAY-HINT "3072t"
        STATUS current
        DESCRIPTION
                "The additional text is used to pass additional information
                 on the fault in the Network Element / EM in a 
                 human readable format.
                 It shall be used to tranfer information that supports the 
                 operator in identifying the cause of the fault.
                 When no information is carried, the value can be an empty
                 string (i.e. length of the OCTET STRING shall be 0).
                 It is recommended to use the additional text in alarm and 
                 changed alarm notification.
                 An empty string shall be used only within clear alarm 
                 notification.

                 The agent has two different options in setting the value
                 - One logical text message	
                   The agent provides one text message in this element 
                   (i.e. no delimeter). The size may not exceed 1024 characters.
                    NE3S manager (i.e. NetAct) can divide the string into two 
                   parts at a fixed position (e.g. character no. 160).
                 - Two logical text fields	
                   The string passed in an alarm is be divided into 2 logical 
                   fields, separated by a delimiter. Each field can be up to 
                   160 characters and both must exceed 255 including the 
                   delimeter. 
                   The two logical fields are separated by the delimiter 
                   'horizontal tab' (ASCII character 'ht' , Dec 009 or Hex 09)                  
                   NetAct scans the string for the first occurrence of 'ht' and 
                   split the string into two parts accordingly.
 
                   Since the user user typically pays more attention at the 
                   first part of a text message, the most important information
                   for the end user shall be given in the first field."
        SYNTAX OCTET STRING (SIZE (0..3072))


NoiAlarmId ::= TEXTUAL-CONVENTION
        STATUS current
        DESCRIPTION
                 "The alarm identifier shall represent a sequence of positive
                 integer numbers. Each alarm notification emitted by the agent
                 shall have, at any given time, different alarm identifier.
                 The alarm identifier shall increase with every alarm emitted 
                 by the agent and within the scope of this specification the 
                 value shall be incremented by one (1) whenever an alarm is
                 inserted into the alarm table and an alarm notification is 
                 emitted by the agent. 
                 The correlation between the clear alarm and the related active
                 alarms is performed in Nokia OSS by means of unambiguous 
                 identifiers, the alarm identifier. Therefore the alarm 
                 identifier of a clear alarm notification, alarm changed 
                 notification or acknowledgement notification must be equal
                 to the alarm identifier of the correlated alarm notification.
                 It is present in all fault management notifications.
                 The initial value of the sequence is one (1). If the maximum
                 value is reached, the sequence will be wrapped back to the
                 initial value one (1).
                 Within the context of this specification the assumption is 
                 that the agent assures in any case a sequence of the alarm 
                 identifier (e.g. after NE restart, restart of the 
                 agent or under similar conditions)
                 Within the context of this specification the alarm identifier 
                 in an alarm notification can have the same value as the 
                 notification identifier."
        SYNTAX Integer32 (1..2147483647)


NoiAlarmLogControl ::= TEXTUAL-CONVENTION
        STATUS  current
        DESCRIPTION 
                 "Controls the behaviour of the log and allows the manager
                 to defined the operation of the log:
                 Values are logging(1) and flush (2) and suspend(3).
                 The default value shall be logging which implies
                 normal operation of the log
                 flush indicate a request to empty the current content of
                 the log. Suspend indicate a request to suspended logging"
        SYNTAX INTEGER {
                logging (1),
                flush (2),
                suspend (3)}


NoiAlarmLogCount ::= TEXTUAL-CONVENTION
        STATUS      current
        DESCRIPTION
                "Contains the number of currently active 
                 alarms in the alarm Log."
        SYNTAX  Integer32 (0..2147483647)


NoiAlarmTableCount ::=  TEXTUAL-CONVENTION
        STATUS      current
        DESCRIPTION
                "Contains the number of currently active
                 alarms in the alarm Table."
        SYNTAX      Integer32 (0..2147483647)


NoiAlarmText ::= TEXTUAL-CONVENTION
        DISPLAY-HINT "3072t"
        STATUS current
        DESCRIPTION
                "Alarm text contains information on the fault situation 
                in the NE in human readable format. A description of the
                cause of the fault shall be conveyed within the alarm 
                text. The alarm text must be in capital letters.
                Alarm text shall not be empty, meaning a zero length 
                string  must not be used in alarm notifications.
                A clear alarm notification can use a zero length character
                string. The size of alarm text must not exceed 1024 characters."
        SYNTAX OCTET STRING (SIZE (0..3072))


NoiEventTime ::= TEXTUAL-CONVENTION
        STATUS current
        DESCRIPTION
                "Time when the event has occurred.
                 The event time is decoded according to RCF 1903"
        SYNTAX DateAndTime


NoiEventType ::= TEXTUAL-CONVENTION
        STATUS current
        DESCRIPTION
                "Event type as specified in ITU recommendations 
                 X.733.
                 The value unknown (0) shall not be used."
        SYNTAX INTEGER {
                unknown(0),
                communicationsAlarm(2),
                environmentalAlarm(3),
                equipmentAlarm(4),
                processingErrorAlarm(10),
                qualityOfServiceAlarm(11),
                integrityViolation(5),
                operationalViolation(8),
                physicalViolation(9),
                securityViolation(13),
                timeDomainViolation(15)}


NoiLogFullAction ::= TEXTUAL-CONVENTION
        STATUS  current
        DESCRIPTION 
                 "Control the behaviour of the log when the log becomes
                 full. Possible values are wrap (0) and halt (1).
                 The default value must be wrap. The agent shall start operate
                 the Log in wrap mode, unless the parameter is changed by
                 the manager"
        SYNTAX INTEGER {
                wrap(0),
                halt(1)}


NoiNotificationId ::= TEXTUAL-CONVENTION
        STATUS current
        DESCRIPTION
                 "The notification identifier is typically generated by the
                 alarm system in the Network Element that detects the fault.
                 The notification identifier shall represent a consecutive 
                 sequence of positive integer number, starting with the 
                 value one (1). The value zero(0) must not be used.
                 
                 The notification identifier in a fault management 
                 notification (alarm-, clear alarm  notification, severity
                 changed or acknowledgement notification) is used to detect
                 if notification supposed to be received by the OS 
                 (manager) application have been lost.
                 Therefore each alarm notification shall have, at any given
                 time, different notification identifier.
                 
                 The notification identifier shall represent a consecutive
                 sequence of positive integer numbers. Each notification 
                 emitted by the agent shall have, at any given time, 
                 different notification identifier and it shall be a 
                 consecutive sequence in any case. 
                 Within the scope of this interface the value is 
                 incremented by one (1) whenever a notification is emitted by 
                 the agent. It is present in all notification (e.g. alarm-,
                 clear alarm notification, severity changed or acknowledgement 
                 notification)."
        SYNTAX Integer32 (1..2147483647)


NoiNotificationType ::= TEXTUAL-CONVENTION
        STATUS  current
        DESCRIPTION 
                 "Specifies the type of the notification. Used to determine the
                  type of the engty in the alarm log. Mapping according to the 
                  following rules

                  noiAlarmNew(1) corresponds to
                  noiAlarmNew NOTIFICATION-TYPE ::= { noiAlarmNotification 1 }

                  noiAlarmCleared (2) corresponds to
                  noiAlarmCleared NOTIFICATION-TYPE ::= { noiAlarmNotification 2}

                  noiAlarmListRebuild (3) corresponds to
                  noiAlarmListRebuild NOTIFICATION-TYPE ::= { noiAlarmNotification 3}

                  noiAlarmListRebuildInitiated (4) corresponds to
                  noiAlarmListRebuildInitiated NOTIFICATION-TYPE ::= { noiAlarmNotification 4}

                  noiAlarmChanged (5) corresponds to
                  noiAlarmChanged NOTIFICATION-TYPE ::={noiAlarmNotification 5}

                  noiAlarmAckStateChanged (6) corresponds to
                  noiAlarmAckStateChanged NOTIFICATION-TYPE ::= { noiAlarmNotification 6}
                  "
        SYNTAX INTEGER {
                noiAlarmNew(1),
                noiAlarmCleared (2),
                noiAlarmListRebuild (3),
                noiAlarmListRebuildInitiated (4),
                noiAlarmChanged (5),
                noiAlarmAckStateChanged (6) }


NoiPerceivedSeverity ::= TEXTUAL-CONVENTION
        STATUS current
        DESCRIPTION        
                "Perceived severity defines the severity level of the fault
                 Possible values are specified in ITU 
                 An alarm notification must not use the value cleared. A 
                 clear alarm notification must use the value cleared.
                 recommendation X.733. The value indeterminate(0)
                 is not recommended to be used within the scope of this
                 interface."
        SYNTAX INTEGER {
                critical(1),
                major(2),
                minor(3),
                warning(4),
                cleared(5),
                indeterminate(0)}


NoiProbableCause ::= TEXTUAL-CONVENTION
        STATUS current
        DESCRIPTION        
                "Probable cause is used to qualify the probable cause
                of the alarm in a Network Element. The and provides 
                further information than the event type. 
                 Supported values are specified by 3GPP. 
                Indeterminate is a NE3S extension and the agent shall
                assign this value indeterminate to indicate that the 
                ProbableCause is not used."
        SYNTAX INTEGER {
                -- The following values are defined in 3GPP
                indeterminate(0),
                alarmIndicationSignal (1),
                callSetupFailure (2),
                degradedSignalM3100 (3),
                farEndReceiverFailure (4),
                framingErrorM3100 (5),
                lossOfFrame (6),
                lossOfPointer (7),
                lossOfSignal (8),
                payloadTypeMismatch (9),
                transmissionError (10),
                remoteAlarmInterface (11),
                excessiveBitErrorRate (12),
                pathTraceMismatch (13),
                unavailable (14),
                signalLabelMismatch (15),
                lossOfMultiFrame (16),
                communicationsReceiveFailure (17),
                communicationsTransmitFailure (18),
                modulationFailure (19),
                demodulationFailure (20),
                backPlaneFailure (51),
                dataSetProblem (52),
                equipmentIdentifierDuplication (53),
                externalDeviceProblem (54),
                lineCardProblem (55),
                multiplexerProblemM3100 (56),
                neIdentifierDuplication (57),
                powerProblemM3100 (58),
                processorProblemM3100 (59),
                protectionPathFailure (60),
                receiverFailureM3100 (61),
                replaceableUnitMissing (62),
                replaceableUnitTypeMismatch (63),
                synchronisationSourceMismatch (64),
                terminalProblem (65),
                timingProblemM3100 (66),
                transmitterFailureM3100 (67),
                trunkCardProblem (68),
                replaceableUnitProblem (69),
                realTimeClockFailure(70),
                protectionMechanismFailure (81),
                protectionResourceFailure (82),
                airCompressorFailure (101),
                airConditioningFailure (102),
                airDryerFailure (103),
                batteryDischarging (104),
                batteryFailure (105),
                commericalPowerFailure (106),
                coolingFanFailure (107),
                engineFailure (108),
                fireDetectorFailure (109),
                fuseFailure (110),
                generatorFailure (111),
                lowBatteryThreshold (112),
                pumpFailureM3100 (113),
                rectifierFailure (114),
                rectifierHighVoltage (115),
                rectifierLowFVoltage (116),
                ventilationSystemFailure (117),
                enclosureDoorOpenM3100 (118),
                explosiveGas (119),
                fire (120),
                flood (121),
                highHumidity (122),
                highTemperature (123),
                highWind (124),
                iceBuildUp (125),
                intrusionDetection (126),
                lowFuel (127),
                lowHumidity (128),
                lowCablePressure (129),
                lowTemperature (130),
                lowWater (131),
                smoke (132),
                toxicGas (133),
                externalPointFailure (136), 
                storageCapacityProblemM3100 (151),
                memoryMismatch (152),
                corruptDataM3100 (153),
                outOfCpuCycles (154),
                softwareEnvironmentProblem (155),
                softwareDownloadFailure (156),
                lossOfRealTime (157),
                reInitialized (158),
                excessiveErrorRate (203),
                adapterError (301),
                applicationSubsystemFailure (302),
                bandwidthReduction (303),
                communicationProtocolError (305),
                communicationSubsystemFailure (306),
                configurationOrCustomizingError (307),
                congestion (308),
                cpuCyclesLimitExceeded (310),
                dataSetOrModemError (311),
                dtedceInterfaceError (313),
                equipmentMalfunction (315),
                excessiveVibration (316),
                fileError (317),
                heatingOrVentilationOrCoolingSystemProblem (321),
                humidityUnacceptable (322),
                inputOutputDeviceError (323),
                inputdeviceError (324),
                lanError (325),
                leakDetection (326),
                localNodeTransmissionError (327),
                materialSupplyExhausted (330),
                outOfMemory (332),
                outputDeviceError (333),
                performanceDegraded (334),
                pressureUnacceptable (336),
                queueSizeExceeded (339),
                receiveFailure (340),
                remoteNodeTransmissionError (342),
                resourceAtOrNearingCapacity (343),
                responseTimeExcessive (344),
                retransmissionRateExcessive (345),
                softwareError (346),
                softwareProgramAbnormallyTerminated (347),
                softwareProgramError (348),
                temperatureUnacceptable (350),
                thresholdCrossed (351),
                toxicLeakDetected (353),
                transmitFailure (354),
                underlyingResourceUnavailable (356),
                versionMismatch (357),
                aBisToBtsInterfaceFailure (501),
                aBisToTrxInterfaceFailure (502),
                antennaProblem (503),
                batteryBreakdown (504),
                batteryChargingFault (505),
                clockSynchronisationProblem (506),
                combinerProblem (507),
                diskProblem (508),
                excessiveReceiverTemperature (510),
                excessiveTransmitterOutputPower (511),
                excessiveTransmitterTemperature (512),
                frequencyHoppingDegraded (513),
                frequencyHoppingFailure (514),
                frequencyRedefinitionFailed (515),
                lineInterfaceFailure (516),
                linkFailure (517),
                lossOfSynchronisation (518),
                lostRedundancy (519),
                mainsBreakdownWithBatteryBackup (520),
                mainsBreakdownWithoutBatteryBackup (521),
                powerSupplyFailure (522),
                receiverAntennaFault (523),
                receiverMulticouplerFailure (525),
                reducedTransmitterOutputPower (526),
                signalQualityEvaluationFault (527),
                timeslotHardwareFailure (528),
                transceiverProblem (529),
                transcoderProblem (530),
                transcoderOrRateAdapterProblem (531),
                transmitterAntennaFailure (532),
                transmitterAntennaNotAdjusted (533),
                transmitterLowVoltageOrCurrent (535),
                transmitterOffFrequency (536),
                databaseInconsistency (537),
                fileSystemCallUnsuccessful (538),
                inputParameterOutOfRange (539),
                invalidParameter (540),
                invalidPointer (541),
                messageNotExpected (542),
                messageNotInitialised (543),
                messageOutOfSequence (544),
                systemCallUnsuccessful (545),
                timeoutExpired (546),
                variableOutOfRange (547),
                watchDogTimerExpired (548),
                coolingSystemFailure (549),
                externalEquipmentFailure (550),
                externalPowerSupplyFailure (551),
                externalTransmissionDeviceFailure (552),
                reducedAlarmReporting (561),
                reducedEventReporting (562),
                recucedLoggingCapability (563),
                systemResourcesOverload (564),
                broadcastChannelFailure (565),
                callEstablishmentError (566),
                invalidMessageReceived (567),
                invalidMsuReceived (568),
                lapdLinkProtocolFailure (569),
                localAlarmIndication (570),
                remoteAlarmIndication (571),
                routingFailure (572),
                ss7ProtocolFailure (573),
                transmissionFailure (574),
                authenticationFailure (701),
                breachOfConfidentiality (702),
                cableTamper (703),
                delayedInformation (704),
                denialOfService (705),
                duplicateInformation (706),
                informationMissing (707),
                informationModificationDetected (708),
                informationOutOfSequence (709),
                keyExpired (711),
                nonRepudiationFailure (712),
                outOfHoursActivity (713),
                outOfService (714),
                proceduralError (715),
                unauthorizedAccessAttempt (716),
                unexpectedInformation (717),
                unspecifiedReason (718)}

NoiSpecificProblem ::= TEXTUAL-CONVENTION
        STATUS current
        DESCRIPTION        
                 "The specific problem provides further qualification
                 of the alarm than probable cause.
                 It shall be used to classify the fault situation in 
                 the Network Element.
                 Specific problem represents a fault specific integer
                 value which shall be unique within the context of the
                 Network Element. The Network Element shall not use the
                 same specific problem for two distinct fault situations."
        SYNTAX Integer32 (1..2147483647)


NoiSystemDistinguishedName ::= TEXTUAL-CONVENTION
        DISPLAY-HINT "400t"
        STATUS current
        DESCRIPTION
                 "The System Distinguished Name (SDN) identified the alarming object representing the resource where the fault occurs.
                 The SDN represents the unique Distinguished Name of 
                 the instance within the scope of the system or Network
                 Element (sometimes referred to as Local Distinguished 
                 Name).
                 The required format is according to Nokia Distinguished Name syntax, for example SMSC-South/LNK-1"
        SYNTAX OCTET STRING (SIZE (0..1200))

NoiAlarmUUID ::= TEXTUAL-CONVENTION
        DISPLAY-HINT "384t"
        STATUS current
        DESCRIPTION
                 "The Alarm Univerally Unique Identifier is an optional unique identifier of the alarm instance across different agents. Maximum length is 128 characters."
        SYNTAX OCTET STRING (SIZE (0..384))



END


</codeblock>
</fig>
</section>
</conbody></concept>