<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="id9yz-09126-mt00-rezza-sp2-nrfutil"><title>NRF utility tool</title><conbody>
<section><title>Description</title>
<p>This tool allows you to trigger a forced broadcast of the NFDiscovery Cache or view the NFDiscovery Cache contents available on the NRF. This tool can be run by a root user or a tpaadmin user from the directory /opt/tpa/bin and run the script using ./NRFutils.sh. You must be on the OAME or Diameter-App Node in order to run this script.</p>
</section>
<section><title>Syntax</title>
<codeblock>./NRFutils.sh</codeblock>
<p>When you run the script, an option menu appears as shown below:</p>
<fig>
<codeblock>===========OPTIONS===========
1. Force Broadcast NFDiscovery Cache to Diameter App nodes
2. Print NFDiscovery Cache Content
q. Exit
=============================
Enter choice [ 1 - q] :</codeblock>
</fig>
<p>Enter the required option. </p>
<p>Option 1: Used on OAME to trigger a Force Broadcast of NFDiscovery Cache content to all Diameter-App nodes. This option can be used by the operator to trigger a broadcast of the NF Discovery cache content on the active OAME node to all the Diameter-App nodes.</p>
<p>Option 2: Used on OAME and Diameter-App nodes to view the NFDiscovery Cache contents. When used on the Active OAME node, the NFDiscovery Cache content on the OAME node is printed. Similarly, when used on the Diameter-App nodes, the NFDiscovery Cache content of the Diameter-App node is displayed.</p>
</section>
</conbody></concept>