<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="id9yz-09126-mt00-rezza-sp2-d1e1547"><title>Realm Settings</title><conbody>
<p>Realm Selection on the upper-left drop-down menu allows you to select the realm that you want to
            manage. The sps-auth realm is the only realm used in NCC and it is automatically created
            with SSL automatically configured on it by the NCC installation scripts. </p>
<section><title>Realm</title>
<p>A predefined realm is created when you boot the Web SSO server for the first time. This initial realm is referred to as the master realm or the head of all realms. The administrators of the master realm have the permissions to view and manage any other realm created on the server instance. When you define your initial administrator account, you create an account in the master realm. Your initial login to the <i>Web SSO Admin Console</i> is initiated through the master realm.</p>
<p>The realm has a dedicated admin console that can be accessed from the URL: <filepath>/auth/admin/&lt;realm-name&gt;/console</filepath>. The users within that realm can be granted realm management permissions by assigning specific user role mappings.</p>
<note>Do not use the master realm to manage the users and applications in your organization. You
                should preserve the master realm only for super administrator tasks, such as
                creating or managing realms in your system. <p/></note>
<p>The NCC installation scripts create a realm called "sps-auth" along with associated client
                configurations for communicating with the local SM application.</p>
</section>
<section><title>SSL mode</title>
<p>The realm has an SSL mode associated with it, which defines the SSL or HTTPS requirements for interacting with the realm. The web browsers and applications that interact with the realm must comply with the SSL or HTTPS requirements defined by the SSL mode. SSL is configured by default during installation.</p>
</section>
</conbody></concept>