<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="id9yz-09126-mt00-rezza-sp2-regionovr"><title>Diameter in NCC between regions</title><conbody>
<section><title>Inter-site region overview</title>
<p>All external Diameter traffic that is sent to a region, stays within the region. A deployment may
                be in one or more regions. Within a region, once a device has attached (that is, one
                of the NCC sites has successfully processed the Gx-CCR-I), any Diameter message can
                be sent to any NCC site within the same region and NCC will process the request.
                Also the site receiving the Diameter message may effectively proxy it to another
                site within the region for processing, if required, with the answer effectively
                proxied back to the site that received the request.</p>
</section>
<section><title>Roaming Between Regions</title>
<p>If a device roams from one region to another, even if it does not terminate its session in the
                former region, NCC uses the most recent region the device is active in as the
                current region. As well, API requests, Ud notifications and related messages and
                processing that involve SM use the current (most recent) region for the device and
                are not influenced by previous regions for the device.</p>
<p>For example, if a device roams from region A to region B (whether the session in A is terminated or not) region B is considered the devices region. If the device then roams again to region A (whether the session in B is terminated or not), region A is considered its region again.</p>
<p>If Sy/Rx traffic is sent to a region in which a device is unknown, it will fail even if the device is known to a different region. Diameter traffic is not sent outside of a region.</p>
</section>
</conbody></concept>