<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="id9yz-09126-mt00-rezza-sp2-reload-dictionary"><title>reload-dictionary</title><conbody>
<section><title>Description</title>
<p>This tool is used to reload the Rule Attributes Dictionary from the OAME node. You must specify which one of the following Rule Attributes Dictionaries you want to reload: charging, diameter, and policy. All relevant servers will be updated and the reloaded dictionary will immediately be used by the relevant nodes. A reboot is not required.</p>
</section>
<section><title>Syntax</title>
<codeblock>reload-dictionary [-n &lt;host&gt;] [-p &lt;port&gt;] -t &lt;type&gt;</codeblock>
<table>
<tgroup cols="2">
<colspec colname="col1"/>
<colspec colname="col2"/>
<thead>
<row>
<entry>
<p>
<b>Code</b>
</p>
</entry>
<entry>
<p>
<b>Description</b>
</p>
</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry>
<codeblock>No arguments</codeblock>
</entry>
<entry>
Displays usage/help information.
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
<codeblock>-h</codeblock>
</entry>
<entry>
Displays usage/help information.
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
<codeblock>-n &lt;host&gt;</codeblock>
</entry>
<entry>
The -n option controls where the reload request is sent. It will try the specified nodes one by one until it finds one that works. Use &lt;host&gt; to specify the server host name.
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
<codeblock>-p &lt;port&gt;</codeblock>
</entry>
<entry>
Indicates the server port number. The default port number is 3334. 
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
<codeblock>-t   </codeblock>
</entry>
<entry>
The -t option is used to choose the dictionary you want what to reload. There are four reload-dictionaries: charging, diameter, and policy. 
</entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</section>
<section><title>Examples </title>
<p>The following examples show the result when reloading the charging, diameter, and policy dictionaries.</p>
<sectiondiv>
<p><b> ./reload-dictionary -t charging</b></p>
<codeblock>Reloading Rules Attribute Dictionary.</codeblock>
<codeblock>Rules Attribute Dictionary reloaded successfully.</codeblock>
</sectiondiv>
<sectiondiv>
<p><b> ./reload-dictionary -t diameter</b></p>
<codeblock>Reloading Rules Attribute Dictionary...</codeblock>
<codeblock>Rules Attribute Dictionary reloaded successfully.</codeblock>
</sectiondiv>
<sectiondiv>
<p><b>./reload-dictionary -t policy</b></p>
<codeblock>Reloading Rules Attribute Dictionary...</codeblock>
<codeblock>Rules Attribute Dictionary reloaded successfully</codeblock>
</sectiondiv>
</section>
</conbody></concept>