<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="id9YZ-09126-MT00-REZZA-SP2-removschedVNF"><title>Removing a scheduled backup</title><taskbody><prereq>
<p>Ensure there is sufficient disk space in the place where you intend to dump this data file. To
                remove a scheduled backup of the entire VNF from NCC:</p>
</prereq><steps>
<step><cmd>Log in to the CBAM GUI. </cmd><info/></step>
<step><cmd>Navigate to the CBAM catalogue and select the VNF from the list (the number value under the VNFs label). The VNF-specific window appears.</cmd><info/></step>
<step><cmd>In the VNF-specific window, click the More button at the end of the line item and select Schedule Backup from the menu. The Schedule Backup window for the entire VNF appears.</cmd><info><p>In the Schedule Backup window, there are two parameters: “schedule_time” and ”schedule_action”. </p><p>For the Schedule_time parameter, the format is the same as the cronjob in Linux, for example: 00 06 * * * </p><p>For the Schedule_action parameter, the input can be add or remove; when you remove one scheduled backup, set it as "remove".</p></info></step>
<step><cmd>Click the “Finish” button.</cmd><info/></step>
<step><cmd>After removing the scheduled backup finishes successfully, log in to the active OAME node and run the "crontab -l" command to see that the cron jobs for the scheduled backup have been deleted.</cmd><info><p>It will take approximately 30 minutes to remove a scheduled backup from the VNF.</p></info></step>
</steps>
</taskbody></task>