<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="id9YZ-09126-MT00-REZZA-SP2-d1e66970"><title>Resetting the Window Shipping Pointer</title><taskbody><context><note>The procedure <!--xref URI: #enableXDR1--><xref keyref="id9YZ-09126-MT00-REZZA-SP2-enableXDR1"
				/> is a prerequisite step that must be done before this procedure.<p>The steps for
					resetting the Window Shipping Pointer must be executed on all healthy MEs that
					replicate data through XDR. </p></note></context><steps>
<stepsection><b>Steps</b></stepsection>
<step><cmd>Log in to the active OAME node of the healthy ME, IG, and/or SM site as the root or tpaadmin user.</cmd><info/></step>
<step><cmd>Navigate to /opt/tpa/bin directory.</cmd><info/></step>
<step><cmd>Enter the following command on the active OAME node:</cmd><info><p>
<userinput>db-reset-wspointer -l</userinput>
</p><p>This command is executed to obtain the site IDs of all NCC sites with which this site replicates
						data through the XDR mechanism. Use this to identify the site ID of the
						recovering site, which will be used in the next step.</p></info></step>
<step><cmd>Enter the following command on the active OAME node:</cmd><info><p>
<userinput>db-reset-wspointer -r &lt;recovering_site_ID&gt;</userinput>
</p><p>For example, if the recovering site is spssite6, the command “db-reset-wspointer -r spssite6” would be run from spssite5. In this example, the command has been executed from spssite5, which is a healthy site for spssite6, which is recovering from disaster.</p><p>See <!--xref URI: ../Topics/t-tools-db-reset-wspointer.xml#wspointer--><xref keyref="id9YZ-09126-MT00-REZZA-SP2-wspointer"/> for more information about using the db-reset-wspointer tool.</p></info></step>
</steps>
</taskbody></task>