<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="id9yz-09126-mt00-rezza-sp2-scalingchap"><title>Scaling</title><conbody>
<p>This chapter contains the procedures that describe how to scale a VNF in OpenStack or VMware environments. </p>
<section>
<p><b>Scaling options</b></p>
<p>Scaling means increasing or decreasing the number of specified VMs based on the resources that are needed.  Scale-in decreases the number of resources running if the traffic is sufficiently low to recognize that fewer resources are required, thereby giving back unused resources to the datacenter pool. Scale-out increases the number of VMs for a chosen VM type to provide additional capacity.  Scale-in and scale-out can be done manually or as a scheduled maintenance operation in CBAM called auto-scale. Auto-scale is available only for DiameterApp VMs. The following table describes the availability of manual scaling for all the VM types.</p>
<table pgwide="0"><title>Manual scaling</title>
<tgroup cols="3">
<colspec colname="col1"/>
<colspec colname="col3"/>
<colspec colname="col4"/>
<thead>
<row>
<entry>
<p>VM type</p>
</entry>
<entry>
<p>Is manual scale-in available?</p>
</entry>
<entry>
<p>Is manual scale-out available?</p>
</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry>
IOHO
</entry>
<entry>
no
</entry>
<entry>
no
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
OAME
</entry>
<entry>
no
</entry>
<entry>
no
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
DB
</entry>
<entry>
yes
</entry>
<entry>
yes
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
Auxiliary
</entry>
<entry>
no
</entry>
<entry>
no
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
SM App
</entry>
<entry>
yes
</entry>
<entry>
yes
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
IOHD
</entry>
<entry>
no
</entry>
<entry>
no
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
ComSvc
</entry>
<entry>
yes
</entry>
<entry>
yes
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
DiameterApp
</entry>
<entry>
yes
</entry>
<entry>
yes
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry>
CDR
</entry>
<entry>
yes
</entry>
<entry>
yes
</entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</section>
</conbody></concept>
