<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="id9yz-09126-mt00-rezza-sp2-d1e99503"><title>Security and user administration tool for Linux users</title><conbody>
<section><title>Overview</title>
<p>The security and user administration tool is a collection of command-line tools for managing Linux users. This tool must be used on the Active OAME node. It is based on native Linux commands and administrators of this tool must have prior knowledge of Linux user administration as it uses the same configurations and conventions.</p>
<note>
<p>The administration of Linux users should be done exclusively with this tool.</p>
</note>
<note>
<p>The default password for a new user is <varname>username</varname>_SPS19. For example, the default password for the new user with username <varname>steve</varname> is <varname>steve_SPS19</varname>. On the first login the default password must be changed to the one that conforms with the password rules.</p>
</note>
<p>The following applies to the tool:</p><ul>
<li>
<p>The root user can run the tool to update all other users; other users can only run the tool to update themselves.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>After instantiation none of the predefined users can be deleted, and only their password, expiration configuration and Watson shell enabling or disabling can be updated.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>This tool does not propagate changes to containers on ComSvc nodes.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p>This tool does the following:</p><ul>
<li>
<p>configures global password and login settings</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>adds a user</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>modifies a user</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>deletes a user</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>adds a group</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>modifies a group</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>deletes a group</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>changes password</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>lists users</p>
</li>
</ul>
</section>
</conbody></concept>