<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="id9yz-09126-mt00-rezza-sp2-d1e1148"><title>User administration with Web SSO</title><conbody>
<section><title>Overview</title>
<p>The maintenance of GUI users, passwords, and role mapping are performed using the Web SSO administration GUI. These tasks are performed by the administrator of the Web SSO GUI. The user administration on the SM GUI is replaced by the Web SSO GUI, wherein the user logs in again as a Web SSO administrator to perform actions other than changing their own password.</p>
<note>
<p>Generally, an SM user, that is not an administrator, only needs to log in to the SM as usual and the SM redirects the user as required.</p>
</note>
<sectiondiv>
<p><b>Creating a new user or onboarding a new user</b></p>
<p>The Web SSO administrator creates new users using the following methods:</p><ul>
<li>
<p>The administrator creates a new user using the given attributes:</p><ul>
<li>
<p>Blank email address:</p>
<p>In the case that the email client is not configured, mark the "Email Verified" field as ON and make sure the "Required User Actions" is empty to enable user to log in.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Temporary password, which is further communicated to the user separately.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>
<i>Required User Actions,</i> set as Verify Email (Only if email client is configured)</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Assigned a single NCC user role</p>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>
<p>When a user logs in for the first time to the GUI:</p><ul>
<li>
<p>Upon successful login, the user is forced to change own password.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>If the Administrator did not enter the email Id when creating the new user, the user is redirected to the account settings screen where adding the email address is a mandatory entry.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>The user logs in again to the GUI and after entering their credentials, the user is informed that email address is required to be verified and an email has been sent to the user email address with a link to validate.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>The user receives the email, clicks the link, and logs in directly without entering any username or password.</p>
<p>
<b>Note:</b> This flow can be bypassed if the Web SSO administrator creates the new user with a profile with the email verified as <varname>ON</varname> and the <i>Required User Actions</i> set as empty.</p>
<p>
<b>Note:</b> The correct "email host" and a "from email id" should be configured to enable Web SSO to actually send an email to the user's email id. That configuration is done from: Sps-auth → Realm Settings → Email in the Admin Console. The email host that is given should have an email client running on it.</p>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</sectiondiv>
<sectiondiv>
<p><b>Forgot or change user password</b></p>
<p>When the initial GUI is loaded and redirected to the Web SSO login screen, a forgot password link is provided to invoke the Web SSO features to administer the individual password of a user and for changing the password, a link is added to the SM GUI, which in turn invokes the Web SSO features.</p>
</sectiondiv>
</section>
</conbody></concept>