<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="id9yz-09018-cn06-pezza-d1e3152"><title>CreateGroupAccount API</title><conbody>
<section><title>Description</title>
<p>This method can be used to create the group account.</p>
</section>
<section><title>CreateGroupAccount API request fields</title>
<p>The following tables list the fields used in the request code of the CreateGroupAccount API.</p>
<table colsep="1" rowsep="1">
    <title>CreateGroupAccount: Request</title>
    <tgroup cols="2">
     <colspec colname="COLSPEC2"/>
     <colspec colname="COLSPEC3"/>
     <tbody>
      <row>
       <entry> Method Name </entry>
       <entry colsep="0"> CreateGroupAccount </entry>
      </row>
      <row>
       <entry> Method Type </entry>
       <entry colsep="0"> Submit </entry>
      </row>
      <row>
       <entry> Request Info </entry>
       <entry colsep="0"> A unique ReqID can be specified. </entry>
      </row>
     </tbody>
    </tgroup>
   </table>
<table colsep="1" rowsep="1">
    <title>CreateGroupAccount HLAPI request fields</title>
    <tgroup cols="4">
     <colspec colname="col1"/>
     <colspec colname="col2"/>
     <colspec colname="col3"/>
     <colspec colname="COLSPEC0"/>
     <thead>
      <row>
       <entry> Parameter </entry>
       <entry> Type </entry>
       <entry> Requirement </entry>
       <entry> Description </entry>
      </row>
     </thead>
     <tbody>
      <row>
       <entry> Advanced Life Cycle COSP </entry>
       <entry> string </entry>
       <entry> Optional </entry>
       <entry> LifeCycle of the group. </entry>
      </row>
      <row>
       <entry> Balance </entry>
       <entry> String </entry>
       <entry> Optional </entry>
       <entry> The value to set/adjust for the account balance. </entry>
      </row>
      <row>
       <entry> Balance Billing Date </entry>
       <entry> string </entry>
       <entry> Optional </entry>
       <entry> Map to Account Day of Month </entry>
      </row>
      <row>
       <entry> COSP ID </entry>
       <entry> string </entry>
       <entry> Optional </entry>
       <entry> Group Custom Data Segment. </entry>
      </row>
      <row>
       <entry> Default Vol for you@! </entry>
       <entry> string </entry>
       <entry> Optional </entry>
       <entry> Group CustomData Default Vol MaxGrantQut. </entry>
      </row>
      <row>
       <entry> Default Vol MinGrantQut </entry>
       <entry> string </entry>
       <entry> Optional </entry>
       <entry> Group CustomData Default Vol MinGrantQut. </entry>
      </row>
      <row>
       <entry> Default Vol QutHoldTim </entry>
       <entry> string </entry>
       <entry> Optional </entry>
       <entry> Group CustomData Default Vol QutHoldTim </entry>
      </row>
      <row>
       <entry> Default Vol QutThresh </entry>
       <entry> string </entry>
       <entry> Optional </entry>
       <entry> Group CustomData Default Vol QutThresh </entry>
      </row>
      <row>
       <entry> Default Vol QutValTim </entry>
       <entry> string </entry>
       <entry> Optional </entry>
       <entry> Group CustomData Default Vol QutValTim </entry>
      </row>
      <row>
       <entry> Group ID </entry>
       <entry> 1-16 character string </entry>
       <entry> Mandatory </entry>
       <entry> Indicates the group ID which the subscriber belongs to. </entry>
      </row>
      <row>
       <entry> Group Owner </entry>
       <entry> string </entry>
       <entry> Optional </entry>
       <entry> Administrators of the Group </entry>
      </row>
      <row>
       <entry> Home Zone Label </entry>
       <entry> string </entry>
       <entry> Optional </entry>
       <entry/>
      </row>
      <row>
       <entry> Max Negative Balance </entry>
       <entry> string </entry>
       <entry> Optional </entry>
       <entry> Overage Limit of Account </entry>
      </row>
      <row>
       <entry> Prepaid User </entry>
       <entry>
        <p>string</p>
        <p>Y/N</p>
       </entry>
       <entry> Optional </entry>
       <entry> Identifies the account type. </entry>
      </row>
      <row>
       <entry> Prefer Vol MaxGrantQut </entry>
       <entry> string </entry>
       <entry> Optional </entry>
       <entry> Group CustomData Prefer Vol MaxGrantQut. </entry>
      </row>
      <row>
       <entry> Prefer Vol MinGrantQut </entry>
       <entry> string </entry>
       <entry>
        <p>Optional</p>
        <p>Optional</p>
       </entry>
       <entry> Group CustomData Prefer Vol MinGrantQut </entry>
      </row>
      <row>
       <entry> Prefer Vol QutHoldTim </entry>
       <entry> string </entry>
       <entry> Optional </entry>
       <entry> Group CustomData Prefer Vol QutHoldTim. </entry>
      </row>
      <row>
       <entry> Prefer Vol QutThresh </entry>
       <entry> string </entry>
       <entry> Optional </entry>
       <entry> Group CustomData Prefer Vol QutThresh. </entry>
      </row>
      <row>
       <entry> Provider ID </entry>
       <entry> string </entry>
       <entry> Optional </entry>
       <entry> custom data for device </entry>
      </row>
      <row>
       <entry> SCP Name </entry>
       <entry> string </entry>
       <entry> Optional </entry>
       <entry> device/account. </entry>
      </row>
      <row>
       <entry> Start Weekly Usage Counts </entry>
       <entry> string </entry>
       <entry> Optional </entry>
       <entry> Mapping to account's dayofWeek. </entry>
      </row>
      <row>
       <entry> Tariff Plan COSP ID </entry>
       <entry> String </entry>
       <entry> Mandatory </entry>
       <entry> Map to Subscription in the group. This field contains the bundle name. </entry>
      </row>
     </tbody>
    </tgroup>
   </table>
</section>
<section><title>CreateGroupAccount: Response</title>
<p>For a list of valid responses, see section 1.4. “Standard Parameters for Responses”.</p>
</section>
<section><title>CreateGroupAccount: Constraints</title>
<p>Account ID Constraint</p>
<p>If the specified Account ID does not exist, return error message “0001: Subscriber/Group [{Account ID}] not found”.</p>
</section>
</conbody></concept>