<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="id9yz-09018-cn06-pezza-d1e1195"><title>Method Specifications</title><conbody>
<p>This chapter describes the charging Application Programming Interfaces (HLAPIs) used in NCC
            provisioning. It describes their operations, inputs, outputs, and parameter values.</p>
<p><b>Note</b>: Not all optional parameters specified in the HLAPI are used. In some cases, they may
            be included for backward compatibility and to minimize any changes required in upstream
            systems presently working with SurePay. However, these parameters may be used in future
            releases to ensure minimum changes at the interface level.</p>
<p>For each method supported in the interface, there is a table that describes all of the input parameters for the method, including the following information:</p><ul>
<li>
<p>Parameter: This is the exact name that must be specified for the input parameter in the Name element of the Parameter element within the ParamList element for the Task element.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Type: This is the data type for the input parameter. </p>
<p>The following data types are supported:</p><ul>
<li>
<p>Flag: The single character Y or N. Y means true and N means false.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Binary String: The characters 0 and 1.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Digit String: The characters 0-9.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Hex String: The characters 0-9 and A-F.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Character String: Any printable characters unless a specific format is specified. In general, the comma character should not be used in character strings because some methods issue commands that use the comma as a separator character.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Enumeration: A list of the exact strings accepted is specified with each allowed value in quotes.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Counter: A long integer value between 0 and 2147483647 unless a range is specified.</p>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>
<p>Requirement: Indicates whether the upstream client must populate a non-empty value for the input parameter.</p>
<p>Note: If you do not include an Optional input parameter in the request and there is a Default
                    value, the default value will be applied when the request is processed. If the
                    client includes an Optional input parameter in the request with an empty value,
                    it may be rejected depending on whether or not the NCC service allows an empty
                    value for the parameter. In general, only some character string values and some
                    enumerations allow empty values and empty values will be rejected for other data
                    types.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Description: This explains the purpose of the input parameter. </p>
</li>
</ul>
<p>As general rule, HLAPI checks task input parameters against a predefined parameter list and ignores the unknown parameter(s), if any, before further treatment.</p>
</conbody></concept>