<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="bundles_basic_details">
<title>Basic Details</title>
<body>
<table pgwide="1" colsep="1" rowsep="1" scale="80">
     <title>Parameters for bundle</title>
     <tgroup cols="4">
      <colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1.15*"/>
      <colspec colname="COLSPEC12" colwidth="3.6*"/>
      <colspec colname="COLSPEC1" colwidth="1.02*"/>
      <colspec colname="col2" colwidth="1*"/>
      <thead>
       <row>
        <entry>
         <p>Parameter</p>
        </entry>
        <entry>
         <p>Description</p>
        </entry>
        <entry>
         <p>Options</p>
        </entry>
        <entry>
         <p>Mandatory/Optional</p>
        </entry>
       </row>
      </thead>
      <tbody>
       <row>
        <entry nameend="col2" namest="col1">
         <uicontrol>Pricing and Services</uicontrol>
        </entry>
       </row>
       <row>
        <entry> Name </entry>
        <entry> This parameter indicates a unique name for the bundle. </entry>
        <entry> String </entry>
        <entry> Mandatory </entry>
       </row>
       <row>
        <entry> Security Domain </entry>
        <entry> This parameter indicates the security domain associated with the bundle. </entry>
        <entry> Select the required security domain from the predefined security domains in the
         drop-down list. </entry>
        <entry> Optional </entry>
       </row>
       <row>
        <entry> Fee </entry>
        <entry> This parameter indicates the bundle purchase fee deducted only from the main account
         balance. </entry>
        <entry> Big decimal </entry>
        <entry> Mandatory </entry>
       </row>
       <row>
        <entry> Taxation Profile </entry>
        <entry> This parameter indicates the taxation profile to be applied. </entry>
        <entry> Select the required taxation profile from the drop-down list that contains the
         taxation profiles you have already created. </entry>
        <entry> Optional </entry>
       </row>
       <row>
        <entry> Charging Service List </entry>
        <entry>
         <p>This parameter indicates the charging services associated with the bundle.</p>
         <p>This parameter value can either be zero or more charging services.</p>
        </entry>
        <entry> Select either zero or the IDs of one or more charging services. </entry>
        <entry> Mandatory </entry>
       </row>
       <row>
        <entry> Usage Control </entry>
        <entry>
         <p>This parameter indicates the usage control services associated with the bundle.</p>
         <p>This parameter value can either be zero or more usage control services.</p>
        </entry>
        <entry> String </entry>
        <entry> Mandatory </entry>
       </row>
       <row>
        <entry> Bundle Activation Type </entry>
        <entry>
         <p>This parameter indicates whether the bundle is a normal bundle or a Bundle On Use (BOU)
          type of bundle.</p>
         <p>Following are the supported values for this parameter:</p>
         <ul>
          <li>
           <p>
            <varname>Normal</varname>: Indicates that the bundle is a normal bundle.</p>
          </li>
          <li>
           <p>
            <varname>On Session</varname>: Indicates that it is a BOU type of bundle. Once you
            select this option, you must define at least a single rule with an activation event.</p>
          </li>
         <li><varname>Auto-Install</varname>: Indicates the auto-install type of bundle. Once you
          select this option, you must define at least a single rule with an activation event. See
           <xref href="#id9yz-09126-ug01-pczza-sp1-be/section_rz5_5cr_ymb" format="dita"/> for more
          details. </li>
         </ul>
        </entry>
        <entry> Enum </entry>
        <entry> Optional </entry>
       </row>
       <row>
        <entry> Usage Control Service List (Policy) </entry>
        <entry>
         <p>This parameter allows to add one or more Usage Control Services (UCSs) from the list of
          predefined UCS or remove the existing ones.</p>
         <p>The usage measurement and control are configured in UCS.</p>
         <p>For more information on UCS, see <i>Policy User Guide</i>
          <i>Usage control service</i>.</p>
        </entry>
        <entry>
         <p>Select the required UCS from the predefined list of UCSs.</p>
         <p>
          <b>Note:</b> You can add the same UCS to a bundle multiple times.</p>
        </entry>
        <entry> Mandatory </entry>
       </row>
       <row>
        <entry nameend="COLSPEC1" namest="col1">
         <uicontrol>Lifecycle</uicontrol>
        </entry>
        <entry/>
       </row>
       <row>
        <entry> Entity </entry>
        <entry> This parameter indicates the object status lifecycle associated with the bundle. </entry>
        <entry> Select the required lifecycle from the predefined lifecycle values in the drop-down
         list. </entry>
        <entry> Optional </entry>
       </row>
       <row>
        <entry> Period </entry>
        <entry> This parameter indicates the billing cycle associated with the bundle. </entry>
        <entry> Select the required lifecycle from the predefined lifecycle values in the drop-down
         list. </entry>
        <entry> Optional </entry>
       </row>
       <row>
        <entry> Max Renewals </entry>
        <entry> This parameter indicates the maximum number of times a subscription can be renewed.
         If there is no value specified, then it denotes unlimited renewals can take place. </entry>
        <entry> Positive integer including zero </entry>
        <entry> Optional </entry>
       </row>
       <row>
        <entry> Hour of Day </entry>
        <entry>
         <p>This parameter indicates the hour of day to which the bundle is applicable.</p>
         <p>Following are the supported values for this parameter</p>
         <ul>
          <li>
           <p>0 to 23</p>
          </li>
          <li>
           <p>
            <uicontrol>Exact</uicontrol>: If selected, the end date and time has the same time as
            subscription start time.</p>
          </li>
          <li>
           <p>
            <uicontrol>Start of new day</uicontrol>: If selected, the end date and time is aligned
            to 00:00:00 of next day as per the lifecycle periodicity. For example, if a monthly
            subscription is purchased on 20th Jan 13:45:00, then the end date and time of
            subscription is set to 21st Feb 00:00:00.</p>
          </li>
         </ul>
         <p>
          <b>Note:</b> Once the bundle is created, this attribute cannot be added or deleted, but it
          can be modified using the <varname>Update</varname> action.</p>
        </entry>
        <entry> Integer </entry>
        <entry> Optional </entry>
       </row>
       <row>
        <entry> Day of Month </entry>
        <entry>
         <p>This parameter indicates the day of month to which the bundle is applicable.</p>
         <p>Following are the supported values for this parameter</p>
         <ul>
          <li>
           <p>1 to 31</p>
          </li>
          <li>
           <p>
            <uicontrol>Exact</uicontrol>: If selected, the day of month is aligned to subscription
            purchase date.</p>
          </li>
         </ul>
         <p>Once the bundle is created, this attribute cannot be added or deleted, but it can be
          modified using the <varname>Update</varname> action.</p>
        </entry>
        <entry>
         <p>Integer</p>
         <p>Value range: 01 to 31</p>
        </entry>
        <entry> Optional </entry>
       </row>
       <row>
        <entry> Day of Week </entry>
        <entry>
         <p>This parameter indicates the day of the week to which the bundle is applicable.</p>
         <p>Following are the supported values for this parameter</p>
         <ul>
          <li>
           <p>Sunday to Saturday</p>
          </li>
          <li>
           <p>
            <uicontrol>Exact</uicontrol>: If selected, the day of week is aligned to subscription
            purchase date.</p>
          </li>
         </ul>
         <p>Once the bundle is created, this attribute is set to default value when no input is
          provided in <varname>Update</varname> action.</p>
        </entry>
        <entry> String </entry>
        <entry> Optional </entry>
       </row>
       <row>
        <entry> Align with Input Date</entry>
        <entry>If this field is true, then Day of Week, or Hour of Day, or Day of Month can either
        be Null or Exact. Supported values are True, False. Default value is False.<p>The
         subscription BCR time is calculated based on billing information in the bundle definition
         or in linked account lifecycle periodicity. When a bundle is subcribed, a new subscription
         is created and aligned to same BCR. You can modify this behavior to change the alignment of
         the bundle instance's BCR time by using the input date provided by operator's provisioning
         system during bundle subscription. If the <b>Align with Input Date</b> parameter is
          <varname>True</varname>, then the subscription's BCR calculation ignores the billing
         information and aligns as per the input date. This behavior is applicable for both normal
         and BOU bundles.</p>See <xref href="#id9yz-09126-ug01-pczza-sp1-be/section_vwp_tvs_5mb" format="dita"/> for examples.</entry>
        <entry> Boolean</entry>
        <entry> Optional</entry>
       </row>
       <row>
        <entry> Bundle Reference </entry>
        <entry>
         <p>This field indicates a reference of another bundle. When a new bundle is subscribed, the
          reference bundle must be attached and must not be in barred state. If a reference bundle
          is not present in Device or Group, or if present but in barred state, then the new bundle
          is not subscribed. </p>
         <p>If a new subscription is created with future activation and if future activation time is
          greater than or equal to reference bundle expiry time, then the new bundle is not
          subscribed. </p>
         <p>If a reference bundle is not in barred state, then the new bundle is aligned with
          reference bundle's end date and time.</p>
         <p>If a reference bundle has more than one subscriptions attached with Device/Group and
          those are not barred, then the new bundle is aligned with reference bundle subscription
          with least expiry time. </p>
         <p>Supported values are null, bundle name. The default value is null. If an empty string is
          provided in the provisioning request, it is internally treated as default value of
          null.</p>
         <p>See <xref href="#id9yz-09126-ug01-pczza-sp1-be/bundref" format="dita"/> for more
          details.</p>
        </entry>
        <entry> String </entry>
        <entry> Optional </entry>
       </row>
       <row>
        <entry> Disable TTC </entry>
        <entry>
         <p>If this flag is set to True, then TTC calculation is not done and VT is aligned to
          subscription's expiry date and time. If MIN_VT is set in Slicing profile entity, it will
          act as a limit that cannot be crossed for Validity Time.</p>
         <p>When both aligned bundle and reference bundle are present and reservation is done from
          aligned bundle, then Disable TTC flag of aligned bundle is ignored and flag of reference
          bundle is always used. See <xref href="#id9yz-09126-ug01-pczza-sp1-be/disablettc" format="dita"/> for more details.</p>
         <p>Supported values are true, false. The default value is false. If null is provided in the
          provisioning request, it is internally treated as default value of false. </p>
        </entry>
        <entry> Boolean </entry>
        <entry> Optional </entry>
       </row>
       <row>
        <entry nameend="COLSPEC1" namest="col1">
         <uicontrol>Prorating</uicontrol>
        </entry>
        <entry/>
       </row>
       <row>
        <entry rowsep="0"> Bundle fee / Overridden bundle fee </entry>
        <entry rowsep="0"> This field indicates how to apply prorating the bundle fee defined in the
          <uicontrol>Bundle fee / Overridden bundle fee</uicontrol> parameter mentioned in the
          <i>Subscription</i> API. </entry>
        <entry rowsep="0"> Enum </entry>
        <entry rowsep="0"> Optional </entry>
       </row>
       <row>
        <entry rowsep="1"/>
        <entry rowsep="1">
         <p>Following are the supported values for this parameter:</p>
         <ul>
          <li>
           <p>
            <varname>NONE</varname>: Indicates no prorating fee for the bundle.</p>
          </li>
          <li>
           <p>
            <varname>SUBSCRIPTION</varname>: Indicates that bundle fee is prorated based on the
            exact available day of the current billing cycle, which means whenever a device
            purchases a subscription, the fee for the bundle is prorated.</p>
          </li>
          <li>
           <p>
            <varname>REMOVAL</varname>: Indicates that bundle fee is refunded based on the days left
            in the billing cycle, which means whenever a device removes the subscription or
            unsubscribes or subscription ends, then refund the amount back to the device.</p>
          </li>
          <li>
           <p>
            <varname>BOTH</varname>: Indicates that bundle fee is prorated when the subscription is
            taken or removed.</p>
          </li>
         </ul>
        </entry>
        <entry rowsep="1"/>
        <entry rowsep="1"/>
       </row>
       <row>
        <entry rowsep="0"> Fee Reference for Prorate </entry>
        <entry rowsep="0"> This parameter gets enabled when the <uicontrol>Bundle fee / Overridden
         bundle fee</uicontrol> parameter is set to a value other than <varname>None</varname>.
         <p>Select one of the following values from the drop-down list:</p><ul id="ul_ppc_qmc_ymb">
         <li>
          <p>
           <varname>Bundle fee / Overridden fee</varname>: Select this option when fee defined in
           the <uicontrol>Bundle fee / Overridden bundle fee</uicontrol> parameter must be
           considered as the bundle initial charge or activation fee.</p>
          <p>In other words, this value specifies whether prorating must be done on bundle or
           overridden fee. The overridden fee has a higher priority than bundle fee. If an
           overridden fee is specified in a bundle, then it is prorated. Otherwise, the bundle fee
           is prorated.</p>
         </li>
        </ul><ul id="ul_u1r_smc_ymb">
         <li>
          <p>
           <varname>Charge fee action</varname>:</p>
          <p/>
          <ul id="ul_zjx_5c1_smb">
           <li>
            <p>If initial charge or activation fee for bundle is configured to be deducted using the
              <varname>Charge Fee</varname> action, then it should be defined in the
              <varname>Initial</varname> state of periodic lifecycle of subscription, which means
             the bundle fee is charged as is and the charge fee action in the subscription initial
             state is prorated.</p>
           </li>
           <li>
            <p>If initial charge or activation fee for bundle is configured to be deducted using the
              <varname>Charge Fee</varname> action for subscriptions to be activated in a future
             date, then it can be defined in any state of periodic lifecycle of subscription, where
             activation date is provided while creation of the subscription and the charge fee gets
             prorated (as applicable).</p>
           </li>
          </ul>
         </li>
        </ul></entry>
        <entry rowsep="0"> Enum </entry>
        <entry rowsep="0"> Optional </entry>
       </row>
       <row>
        <entry> Bucket Prorate Mode </entry>
        <entry>
         <p>This parameter indicates how to apply prorating for the buckets of the bundle.</p>
         <p>Select one of the following values from the drop-down list:</p>
         <ul>
          <li>
           <p>
            <varname>None</varname>: Indicates that bucket value is not prorated, which means the
            initial value given in the bundle is not prorated and the entire amount is given.</p>
          </li>
          <li>
           <p>
            <varname>Subscription Start</varname>: Indicates that bucket value is prorated based on
            the exact available day of the current billing cycle.</p>
          </li>
         </ul>
        </entry>
        <entry> Enum </entry>
        <entry> Optional </entry>
       </row>
       <row>
        <entry> Counter Prorate Mode </entry>
        <entry>
         <p>This parameter indicates how to apply prorating for the counter of the bundle.</p>
         <p>Select one of the following values from the drop-down list:</p>
         <ul>
          <li>
           <p>
            <varname>None</varname>: Indicates that counter value is not prorated.</p>
          </li>
          <li>
           <p>
            <varname>Subscription Start</varname>: Indicates that counter value is prorated after
            checking the counter prorating cap value according to the exact available day of current
            billing cycle of counter cap value.</p>
          </li>
         </ul>
        </entry>
        <entry> Enum </entry>
        <entry> Optional </entry>
       </row>
       <row>
        <entry rowsep="0"> Bundle fee on billing cycle date update </entry>
        <entry rowsep="0"> This parameter indicates whether to execute bundle fee prorating and
        bucket or counter value prorating when updating balance billing date manually. <p>Select one
         of the following values from the drop-down list:</p><ul id="ul_qzh_wmc_ymb">
         <li>
          <p>
           <varname>None</varname>: Indicates that prorating is not done.</p>
         </li>
         <li>
          <p>
           <varname>Prorate</varname>: Indicates that prorating is done as per other controlling
           parameters in the bundle definition.</p>
          <p>For example, if the account billing cycle is modified, then other prorating parameters,
           such as <uicontrol>Bucket Prorate Mode</uicontrol> or <uicontrol>Counter Prorate
            Mode</uicontrol> is checked. If the <uicontrol>Counter Prorate Mode</uicontrol> is set
           as <varname>None</varname>, then NCC prorates the bundle fee and bucket value.</p>
         </li>
         <li>
          <p>
           <varname>Force Prorate</varname>: Indicates that prorating is done without considering
           the values of controlling parameters in the bundle definition.</p>
          <p>For example, when the account billing information is modified, NCC does not look for
           other prorating parameters, such as <uicontrol>Bucket Prorate Mode</uicontrol> or
            <uicontrol>Counter Prorate Mode</uicontrol>. By default, NCC prorates the resources as
           well as the fee that is configured already.</p>
         </li>
        </ul></entry>
        <entry rowsep="0"> Enum </entry>
        <entry rowsep="0"> Optional </entry>
       </row>
       <row>
        <entry> Prorate Granularity </entry>
        <entry>
         <p>This field provides flexibility to round-off the prorate fee and other values to days
          and hours.</p>
         <p>Select one of the following values from the drop-down list:</p>
         <ul>
          <li>
           <p>
            <varname>Default</varname>: Current time is considered as the <i>Bundle Applicable
             Time</i>.</p>
          </li>
          <li>
           <p>
            <varname>Hours</varname>: Rounded to current hour of the day. For example, if current
            time is <varname>6 March 2020 17:45:45:237</varname> and prorate granularity is
             <varname>Hour</varname>, then the <i>Bundle Applicable Time</i> is <varname>6 March
             2020 17:00:00:000</varname>.</p>
          </li>
          <li>
           <p>
            <varname>Days</varname>: Rounded to current day start time or if lifecycle is account
            and “hour of the day” is present in billing information then the <i>Bundle Applicable
             Time</i> is rounded to that “hour of the day” time of current or previous day. For
            example, consider a subscription does not have its own periodic lifecycle and account
            has a periodic lifecycle with <i>timer Units</i> set as <varname>Month</varname> and
             <i>timer Value</i> set as <varname>1</varname>. Suppose the current time is <varname>6
             March 2020 17:45:45:000</varname> and billing information with <i>hourOfDay</i> set as
             <varname>5</varname>:</p>
           <p>End time is <varname>18 March 2020 5:00:00:000</varname> and <i>Prorate
             Granularity</i> is <varname>Days</varname>, then the <i>Bundle Applicable Time</i> is
             <varname>6 March 2020 05:00:00:000</varname>.</p>
          </li>
         </ul>
        </entry>
        <entry> Enum </entry>
        <entry> Optional </entry>
       </row>
      </tbody>
     </tgroup>
    </table>
<note>See <!--xref URI: c-Rating_and_Charging.xml#pf--><xref keyref="id9YZ-09126-UG01-PCZZA-SP1-pf"/> topic for more information related to prorating behavior.</note>
</body>
</topic>