<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="id9yz-09126-ug01-pczza-sp1-d1e31026"><title>Contexts and attributes in call controller</title><conbody>
<section><title>Rule contexts and attributes</title>
<note type="attention">
<p>For Boolean type rule attributes including custom-data from <i>SPR_DEVICE</i> or <i>SPR_GROUP</i>, only the lower case <varname>true</varname> or <varname>false</varname> values are supported.</p>
</note>
<p>NCC uses rule engine to evaluate values of specific attributes in input contexts, that is, source
                contexts provide result attributes which are received in result context. Call
                controller provides all the input in a rating request to the rating engine for
                rating to include <i>DeviceContext</i>, <i>CommonCallContext</i>, and
                    <i>ServiceInfoContext</i>.</p>
<p>Rating uses the rule engine to determine charging service applicability and performs rating using tariffs. However, if optional threshold rules are applicable, then the rating evaluates these rules and applies any necessary actions. Rating responds to call controller with a rating engine answer that contains the GSU, rating engine result codes, and a collection of result contexts. After rating is completed, call controller uses the actions from the rating engine answer to construct the Multiple Services Credit Control (MSCC) and CCA message.</p>
<p>Based on the object evaluated and location in the call flow, source contexts vary. For example, the Credit Request Profile is evaluated first in the flow. It has access to device and the <i>Gy.Message</i> context only. When the applicability condition or tariff is evaluated, it has access to more contexts.</p>
</section>
</conbody></concept>