<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="id9yz-09126-ug01-pczza-sp1-d1e176983"><title>Lifecycle definition</title><conbody>
<section><title>Overview</title>
<p>In general, a lifecycle is a state machine driven by required behaviors. The SPS system supports
                                                  the following two types of lifecycles:</p><ul>
<li>
<p>
<i>ENTITY</i>: The <i>ENTITY</i> lifecycle is driven by events that occur on entities.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>
<i>PERIOD</i>: The PERIOD lifecycle is driven by the passage of time.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p>The NCC system allows a lifecycle to be associated with the following entities known also as
                lifecycle entities:</p><ul>
<li>
<p>Accounts</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Users</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Groups</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Devices</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Subscriptions</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p>All lifecycle entities must have an ENTITY lifecycle associated with them whereas the PERIOD lifecycle is available for accounts and subscriptions only. The PERIOD lifecycle is mandatory for accounts and optional for subscriptions.</p>
<p>A lifecycle entity cannot be associated to more than one lifecycle of each type. Accounts and subscriptions can have one ENTITY and one PERIOD lifecycle associated with them. Devices, groups and users can have only one ENTITY lifecycle associated with them.</p>
<p>The system allows you to configure custom ENTITY and PERIOD lifecycles for lifecycle entities. The purpose of custom lifecycles is to allow you to specify states, events, transitions and actions in a configuration most suitable for your business needs. You can create various ENTITY and various PERIOD lifecycles.</p>
<p>The lifecycle is defined by the following:</p><ul>
<li>
<p>Name</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Lifecycle type</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Entity type</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Set of states</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Set of transitions</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Period length (for PERIOD LIFECYCLES)</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p>Transitions and states are configured by on the basis of events and (or) timers that contain actions. See section <!--xref URI: #Lifecycleparameters--><xref keyref="id9YZ-09126-UG01-PCZZA-SP1-Lifecycleparameters"/> for details.</p>
<p>The lifecycle model provides a way for an entity to transition between states, depending upon events occurring, and execute actions as needed. There is no limit on the number of states, events or actions in a lifecycle. However, it is expected that a lifecycle is configured with 3-10 states and 10-20 transitions between these states.</p>
</section>
</conbody></concept>