<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="id9yz-09126-ug01-pczza-sp1-d1e188116"><title>Lifecycle configuration</title><conbody>
<section><title>Overview</title>
<p>The lifecycle configuration enables you to define the flow and behavior of a lifecycle entity.</p>
<p>The suggested flow for configuring a lifecycle is as follows:</p><ul>
<li>
<p>Devise the list of required behaviors for a lifecycle entity based on the characteristics required for this entity.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Decide what lifecycle type is needed.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Begin by creating the list of states that can define the behavior for this entity in the lifecycle of a particular type.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Choose events that invoke transitions between the above states.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Add actions that have to be executed during the transitions.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Give a lifecycle a meaningful name.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Associate this lifecycle to the lifecycle entity it is configured for.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<note>
<p>Once a lifecycle is created, it cannot be deleted.</p>
</note>
</section>
<section><title>Lifecycles in SM GUI</title>
<p>In the SM GUI, transitions are represented through states. To configure a transition, you select
                a state where this transition starts from. The selected state becomes
                    <uicontrol>Start State</uicontrol> of this transition. When <uicontrol>Start
                    State</uicontrol> is selected, complete the configuration and enter the
                remaining parameters of this transition.</p>
<p>Use the following fields for the transition parameters:</p><ul>
<li>
<p>
<b>Event</b> for the transition name.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>
<b>Upon</b> for the event that triggers this transition.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>
<b>Go to</b> for End State.</p>
</li>
</ul>
</section>
</conbody></concept>