<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="id9yz-09126-ug01-pczza-sp1-d1e188013"><title>Lifecycle CDR</title><conbody>
<section><title>Overview</title>
<p>The NCC application generates lifecycle Charging Data Records (CDRs) to track changes that occur
                                                  in lifecycle entities. The lifecycle entities are
                                                  accounts, subscriptions, devices, groups, and
                                                  users. Every lifecycle CDR contains attributes
                                                  that identify the triggering event that caused the
                                                  change and all the information related to the
                                                  change that took place, including the transitions
                                                  and states used. Each lifecycle CDR corresponds to
                                                  one triggering event but might contain records
                                                  related to more than one entity.</p>
<p>The lifecycle CDRs are produced when one of the following incident happens:</p><ul>
<li>
<p>Subscription is added/not added.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Subscription is renewed/not renewed.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Subscription is reset/not reset</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Subscription is deleted.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Subscription is emptied.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Lifecycle entity is deleted.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Fee is charged or cannot be charged.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Lifecycle entity's billing cycle is calculated.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Extend timer API is used to reschedule the current transition time.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Account is reset.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Account reset is unsuccessful since its overage limit is greater than reset value.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p>Most commonly the lifecycle CDRs are triggered by lifecycle actions.</p>
<p>For more information on CDRs, see the <!--XML Resource relative URI: -->
                <cite>NCC CDR/EDR Reference</cite> guide.</p>
</section>
</conbody></concept>