<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="id9yz-09126-ug01-pczza-sp1-d1e157112"><title>Report entity</title><conbody>
<section><title>Overview</title>
<p>A report collects the value of a counter for a particular group or device. These reporting counters have applicability condition as null so that they are applicable at all times. </p>
<p>After a report is activated for a group or device, the corresponding counter's instance is created and appended to the list of counters linked to that group or device. The counters are updated accordingly.</p>
<p>After a report is deactivated for a group or device, the corresponding counter instance is removed from the group or device list.</p>
<p>For example, consider a device that belongs to a group and can access its own buckets and the buckets associated with the group.</p>
<p>The data calls that originate between 9 AM to 5 PM use the buckets associated with the group whereas the data calls that originate after 5 PM use the buckets associated with the device. The service operators can generate reports to track various cases, such as total usage from the buckets associated with the group or the usage from the device buckets.</p>
<note>
<p>In the current release, operators cannot create reports. Operators get a predefined set of reports which they cannot update or delete. They can only activate, deactivate, or view the reports. </p>
<p>The predefined set of reports are:</p><ul>
<li>
<p>Self_Bucket_Consumption_Report</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Self_CS_Consumption_Report</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Hierarchy_Consumption_Report</p>
</li>
</ul>
</note>
</section>
<section><title>Report configuration</title>
<note>
<p>The parameters for report entity cannot be configured using the SM GUI.</p>
</note>
<table pgwide="1" colsep="1" rowsep="1">
                <title>Parameters for report entity</title>
                <tgroup cols="4">
                    <colspec colname="col1"/>
                    <colspec colname="COLSPEC1"/>
                    <colspec colname="COLSPEC0"/>
                    <colspec colname="col2"/>
                    <thead>
                        <row>
                            <entry>
                                <p>Parameter</p>
                            </entry>
                            <entry>
                                <p>Data type</p>
                            </entry>
                            <entry>
                                <p>Description</p>
                            </entry>
                            <entry>
                                <p>Mandatory/Optional</p>
                            </entry>
                        </row>
                    </thead>
                    <tbody>
                        <row>
                            <entry> Name </entry>
                            <entry> String </entry>
                            <entry> Name of the report. Ensure that this field has a unique value. </entry>
                            <entry> Mandatory </entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry> CounterDefinitionId </entry>
                            <entry> String </entry>
                            <entry> The ID of a counter definition. Ensure that the Counter
                                Definition object record exists in the database. </entry>
                            <entry> Mandatory </entry>
                        </row>
                    </tbody>
                </tgroup>
            </table>
</section>
<section><title>Actions associated with a report</title>
<table pgwide="1" colsep="1" rowsep="1">
                <tgroup cols="2">
                    <colspec colname="col1"/>
                    <colspec colname="col2"/>
                    <thead>
                        <row>
                            <entry>
                                <p>Action</p>
                            </entry>
                            <entry>
                                <p>Description</p>
                            </entry>
                        </row>
                    </thead>
                    <tbody>
                        <row>
                            <entry> Create </entry>
                            <entry> Used to create a report entity in database by providing the
                                mandatory parameters. </entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry> Read </entry>
                            <entry> Used to display a particular report entity as per the data
                                retrieved from database. </entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry> Update </entry>
                            <entry> Used to update a particular report entity in database. </entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry> Delete </entry>
                            <entry> Used to delete a report entity. </entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry> ActivateDeviceGroupReport </entry>
                            <entry> Used to activate a particular report for a device linked to a
                                group. </entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry> ActivateDeviceReport </entry>
                            <entry> Used to activate a particular report for a device. </entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry> ActivateGroupReport </entry>
                            <entry> Used to activate a particular report for a group. </entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry> DeActivateDeviceReport </entry>
                            <entry> Used to deactivate a particular report for a device. </entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry> DeActivateDeviceGroupReport </entry>
                            <entry> Used to deactivate a particular report for a device linked to a
                                group. </entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry> DeActivateGroupReport </entry>
                            <entry> Used to deactivate a particular report for a group. </entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry> ViewDeviceGroupReport </entry>
                            <entry> Used to view a particular report for a device linked to a group.
                            </entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry> ViewDeviceReport </entry>
                            <entry> Used to view a particular report for a device. </entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry> ViewGroupReport </entry>
                            <entry> Used to view a particular report for a group. </entry>
                        </row>
                    </tbody>
                </tgroup>
            </table>
<note>
<p>These actions are valid for internal purposes only and cannot be accessed using the SM GUI. </p>
</note>
</section>
</conbody></concept>