<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="resultcontext_and_actions_action_attributes">
<title>Action attributes</title>
<conbody>
<table pgwide="1" colsep="1" rowsep="1" scale="80">
   <title>Action attributes</title>
   <tgroup cols="3">
    <colspec colname="col1"/>
    <colspec colname="col2"/>
    <colspec colname="COLSPEC0"/>
    <thead>
     <row>
      <entry>
       <p>Action</p>
      </entry>
      <entry>
       <p>Description</p>
      </entry>
      <entry>
       <p>Options</p>
      </entry>
     </row>
    </thead>
    <tbody>
     <row>
      <entry> BUNDLE.Activation-Event </entry>
      <entry> This action is used to set the activation event for the BOU bundle. </entry>
      <entry> — </entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry> BUNDLE.Activation-Fee </entry>
      <entry> This action is used to set the activation fee for a BOU bundle. </entry>
      <entry> — </entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry> BUNDLE.Discount-Percentage </entry>
      <entry> This action is used to set the discount for a BOU bundle. </entry>
      <entry> — </entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry> BUNDLE.Set-Activation-Count </entry>
      <entry> This action is used to count the number of times a BOU bundle is activated. </entry>
      <entry> — </entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry> CALL_RESULT.Add-AVP-In-CCA </entry>
      <entry> This action is used to add any existing AVP in dictionary or the <i>Vendor
        Specific</i> AVP (VSA) at root level or MSCC level. </entry>
      <entry> — </entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry> CALL_RESULT.Add-CDR </entry>
      <entry> This action is used to add a new CDR tag with value, it is a command level. </entry>
      <entry> — </entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry> CALL_RESULT.Announcement-Information </entry>
      <entry> This action is used to set announcement AVP to the MSCC level. </entry>
      <entry> — </entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry> CALL_RESULT.Announcement-Variable-Part </entry>
      <entry> This action is used to set variable-part AVP in the announcement AVP. </entry>
      <entry> — </entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry> CALL_RESULT.Arm-Nchf-Trigger </entry>
      <entry> This action is used to set the 5G trigger type, trigger category, and trigger level
       that can cause the credit control client to reauthorize the associated quota. </entry>
      <entry> — </entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry> CALL_RESULT.Call-Country </entry>
      <entry> A value which represents the country of call. </entry>
      <entry> STRING </entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry> CALL_RESULT.Call-Request-Time </entry>
      <entry>
       <p>This action is used in a rule table or in default actions of the Credit Request Profile to
        provide a time value assigned to the Request Time. If this action is not used in a rule
        table/default action in the Credit Request Profile, then the default value
         (<i>Event-Time-Stamp</i> AVP) is assigned to request time.</p>
       <p>If the request time value is not set by an action or the <i>Event-Time-Stamp</i> AVP is
        not present in the CCR message, the local system time is used to provide the time of day
        functionality.</p>
      </entry>
      <entry>
       <p>LONG</p>
       <p>Default value: <i>Event-Time-Stamp</i>
       </p>
       <p>The AVP carries the default request time info as <i>Event-Time-Stamp</i> in CCR. The
        Diameter stack decodes it into the UTC epoc time in milliseconds. Call controller uses the
        value in this AVP as Request Time and passes it to Rating.</p>
       <p>The possible user-defined values are either <i>Event-Time-Stamp</i> or the value of
        Local-System-Time, as follows:</p>
       <ul>
        <li>
         <p>
          <varname>GY_MESSAGE.Local-System-Time</varname>
         </p>
        </li>
        <li>
         <p>
          <varname>GY_MESSAGE.Event-Time-Stamp</varname>
         </p>
        </li>
       </ul>
      </entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry> CALL_RESULT.Call-Roaming-Status </entry>
      <entry> The roaming status of the current device. </entry>
      <entry>
       <p>Home</p>
       <p>Roaming</p>
      </entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry> CALL_RESULT.Call-Sub-Type </entry>
      <entry> A STRING value as defined by a Credit Request Profile rule or STRING value determined
       using a rule variable. </entry>
      <entry> Entered as a user-defined STRING value </entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry> CALL_RESULT.Call-Type </entry>
      <entry>
       <p>Defined from <i>service-context-id</i> AVP and rating group to specify SMS or PS type
        calls.</p>
       <p>An ENUM value as defined by a Credit Request Profile rule or an ENUM value determined
        using a rule variable.</p>
      </entry>
      <entry> Entered as an ENUM value </entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry> CALL_RESULT.Call-Zones </entry>
      <entry> A value used to represent one or more zones. </entry>
      <entry> Can be a STRING or a list of STRINGS that are type/value pairs. </entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry> CALL_RESULT.CC-Session-Failover </entry>
      <entry> The value to set for the <varname>CC-Session-Failover</varname> AVP in the CCA. </entry>
      <entry> Entered as an ENUM value </entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry> CALL_RESULT.Credit-Control-Failure-Handling </entry>
      <entry> The value to set for the <i>Credit-Control-Failure-Handling</i> AVP in the CCA. </entry>
      <entry>
       <p>One of the following entered as an ENUM value:</p>
       <p>TERMINATE (0)</p>
       <p>CONTINUE (1)</p>
       <p>RETRY AND TERMINATE (2)</p>
      </entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry> CALL_RESULT.Default-Roaming-Decision </entry>
      <entry> This action is used when the value of the action Call-Roaming-Status cannot be
       determined from the other source. </entry>
      <entry>
       <p>Home</p>
       <p>Roaming</p>
       <p>Reject</p>
      </entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry> CALL_RESULT.Default-Zoning-Decision </entry>
      <entry> This action is used when the system cannot get the charging zones. </entry>
      <entry>
       <p>One of the following:</p>
       <ul>
        <li>
         <p>
          <varname>DROP_CALL</varname>: When the system cannot get the charging zones, reject the
          request.</p>
        </li>
        <li>
         <p>
          <varname>DEFAULT_ZONE</varname>: If the system cannot get the charging zones, then set the
          charging zone to the default zone.</p>
        </li>
       </ul>
      </entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry> CALL_RESULT.Direct-Debiting-Failure-Handling </entry>
      <entry> The value to set for the <i>Direct-Debiting-Failure-Handling</i> AVP in the CCA. </entry>
      <entry> — </entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry> CALL_RESULT.Enable-Single-CDR </entry>
      <entry> This action is used to have a single CDR for the complete call. It is not applicable
       for Gy session calls. </entry>
      <entry> — </entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry> CALL_RESULT.Kind-Of-Unit </entry>
      <entry> This represents the type of unit for the call, which can be VOLUME, TIME, UNIT or
       MONEY. </entry>
      <entry> — </entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry> CALL_RESULT.Policy-CounterId-Mapping </entry>
      <entry> Provides the name of complex map which is used to map the external policy counter ID
       with internal policy counter IDs. It is preconfigured in the <uicontrol>Rules and
        Variables</uicontrol> with default value <varname>PolicyCounterIdMap</varname>. </entry>
      <entry> — </entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry> CALL_RESULT.RSU-Unit-Type </entry>
      <entry> This represents the type of RSU unit, which can be VOLUME, TIME, UNIT, or MONEY. </entry>
      <entry> — </entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry> CALL_RESULT.Trigger-Type </entry>
      <entry> The <i>Trigger-Type</i> AVP indicates the events that can cause the credit control
       client to reauthorize the associated quota. </entry>
      <entry> — </entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry> DYNAMIC_SLICE.Algo-Name </entry>
      <entry> This action defines the name of the algorithm that is configured such as BASIC_ALGO,
       BUCKET_ALGO, and DYNAMIC_ALGO. </entry>
      <entry> Entered as an ENUM value </entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry> DYNAMIC_SLICE.Max-Number-of-Devices-In-Group </entry>
      <entry> This action defines the maximum number of users for the group resource defined in the
       slicing profile rule. </entry>
      <entry> Input as a Long value </entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry> DYNAMIC_SLICE.Min-Slice-Size </entry>
      <entry> This action is the minimum slice size defined for the slicing profile. </entry>
      <entry> Input as a Long value </entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry> DYNAMIC_SLICE.MIN-TTC </entry>
      <entry> This action defines the minimum tariff time change value in seconds. </entry>
      <entry> Input as a Long value </entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry> DYNAMIC_SLICE.MIN-VT </entry>
      <entry> This action defines the minimum validity time in seconds. </entry>
      <entry> Input as a Long value </entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry> DYNAMIC_SLICE.Quota-Holding-Time </entry>
      <entry> This action defines the quota holding time in seconds and controls the time the
       session remains in idle state in the network. </entry>
      <entry> Input as a Long value </entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry> DYNAMIC_SLICE.Select-Algo </entry>
      <entry>
       <p>This action supports <i>DYNAMIC_ALGO_2</i> and contains the following parameters:</p>
       <ul>
        <li>
         <p>
          <uicontrol>Algo-Name</uicontrol>: Currently we support only DYNAMIC_ALGO_2 which is
          case-insensitive.</p>
        </li>
        <li>
         <p>
          <uicontrol>Min Slice</uicontrol>: Min Slice is an optional parameter which indicates a
          minimum Slice size to be provided.</p>
        </li>
        <li>
         <p>
          <uicontrol>Max Slice</uicontrol>: Max Slice is an optional parameter which restricts the
          size of Slice from Algorithm if provided. Supports a Max value up to 9223372036854775807
          (Max value of Long) for Max Slice Value.</p>
        </li>
       </ul>
      </entry>
      <entry> — </entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry> DYNAMIC_SLICE.Slice-Allocation-Factor </entry>
      <entry> This action defines the value calculated on the delta between the current usage and
       threshold value. </entry>
      <entry> Input as a Long value </entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry> DYNAMIC_SLICE.Slice-Size </entry>
      <entry> This action defines the slice size in bytes which is always greater than zero. </entry>
      <entry> Input as a Long value </entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry> DYNAMIC_SLICE.Validity-Time </entry>
      <entry> This action defines the value of the validity time in seconds. </entry>
      <entry> Input as a Long value </entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry> DYNAMIC_SLICE.Volume-Quota-Threshold </entry>
      <entry>
       <p>This action is used when the Credit Control client seeks re-authorization from the server
        for the quota when the quota falls below the supplied threshold.</p>
       <p>Threshold must be defined on quantity (volume only) and it is reserved and granted in CCA.
        Value of VQT can be configured in percentage (%) or in fixed value.</p>
       <p>Depending on the type of algorithm used, the <uicontrol>Volume-Quota-Threshold</uicontrol>
        parameter is calculated and sent back to the network in CCA message.</p>
      </entry>
      <entry> Input as a Long value </entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry> DYNAMIC_SLICE.Volume-Quota-Threshold-Algo </entry>
      <entry>
       <p>This action attribute is added to the slicing profile rule under <i>Dynamic_Slice</i> and
        can have one of the following values:</p>
       <ul>
        <li>
         <p>
          <varname>FIXED_ADD_IN_GSU</varname>: When configured as
           <varname>FIXED_ADD_IN_GSU</varname>, then the
           <uicontrol>Volume-Quota-Threshold</uicontrol> parameter in slicing profile rule specifies
          the absolute value used to set AVP in CCA message sent back to the network. It is added to
          the derived quota amount to determine the GSU value when GSU is not a final slice.</p>
        </li>
        <li>
         <p>
          <varname>PERCENTAGE</varname>: When configured as <varname>PERCENTAGE</varname>, the
           <uicontrol>Volume-Quota-Threshold</uicontrol> parameter value in slicing profile rule is
          configured in <i>%</i> and calculated on the granted volume quota sent in CCA message.</p>
        </li>
       </ul>
       <p>By default, the value of this action attribute is set as <varname>PERCENTAGE</varname> to
        achieve the existing slice reduction functionality.</p>
       <p>This parameter is also defined per MSCC or rating group. Depending on the type of
        algorithm used, the<uicontrol> Volume-Quota-Threshold</uicontrol> parameter is calculated
        and sent back to the network in CCA message.</p>
      </entry>
      <entry> — </entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry> GY_POST_PROCESSING.Rule-Post-Value </entry>
      <entry> It is a place holder for GY_POST_PROCESSING rule attribute. </entry>
      <entry> — </entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry> GY_PRE_PROCESSING.APN-Charging-CDR </entry>
      <entry> Rule Attribute Name to set the APN in Gy Pre-Processing Rule for getting CDR Index Id
       from the <uicontrol>CDR Mapping</uicontrol> table. </entry>
      <entry> — </entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry> GY_PRE_PROCESSING.Disable-Charging-CDR </entry>
      <entry> This action is used to disable dumping all the charging CDR. </entry>
      <entry> — </entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry> GY_PRE_PROCESSING.Is-TTC_Enabled </entry>
      <entry> Once the rules are evaluated and FUI/FUA is got in result, FUI/FUA object is created
       and set to the corresponding MSCC. </entry>
      <entry> — </entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry> NOTIFICATION.Disable-Charging-Notification-CDR </entry>
      <entry> No CDR is generated for notification. </entry>
      <entry> — </entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry> NOTIFICATION.Disable-Lifecycle-Notification-EDR </entry>
      <entry> This attribute disables EDR for notification action in a lifecycle. </entry>
      <entry> — </entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry> NOTIFICATION.Notification-Continue </entry>
      <entry> This action is used to send a notification and continue using the resource. </entry>
      <entry> — </entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry> NOTIFICATION.Notification-Reject </entry>
      <entry> This action is used to send a notification and reject the call. </entry>
      <entry> — </entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry> NOTIFICATION.Notification-Stop </entry>
      <entry> This action is used to send a notification and stop using the resource and then shift
       to next resource if any. </entry>
      <entry> — </entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry> NOTIFICATION.Reject </entry>
      <entry> This action is used to reject the call. </entry>
      <entry> — </entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry> NOTIFICATION.Send-Notification </entry>
      <entry> This action is used to send a notification when you intend to notify subscribers about
       a specific event. </entry>
      <entry> — </entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry> NOTIFICATION.Send-RAR </entry>
      <entry> This notification is used to send the RAR. The value should be SendRAR, that is,
       NOTIFICATION.Send-RAR = SendRAR. </entry>
      <entry> — </entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry> NOTIFICATION.Notification-Variable </entry>
      <entry>
       <p>This attribute is disabled by default but can be enabled using a rule. For any
        notification variable in a template, reports the notification content as variables and value
        pairs.</p>
       <p>You can use the notification variables available and custom notification variables that
        you add, to return specific information in your message. For example, you can use the
        Notification Variables: Subscriber-User-Id and 3GPP-User-Location-Info along with a custom
        Notification Variable that you have defined (in this example, Customized-Date(2)) to return
        the Subscriber-User-Id and location information with the current system time in the format
        YYYY-MM-DD.</p>
       <p>Custom Notification Variables must be added to the charging Rule Attribute Dictionary
        before you can use them.</p>
      </entry>
      <entry>
       <p>The following lists default notification variables used:</p>
       <ul>
        <li>
         <p>3GPP-RAT-Type</p>
        </li>
        <li>
         <p>3GPP-User-Location-Info</p>
        </li>
        <li>
         <p>Current-Date-Time-String</p>
        </li>
        <li>
         <p>Policy-Counter-Identifier</p>
        </li>
        <li>
         <p>Policy-Counter-Status</p>
        </li>
        <li>
         <p>Service-Parameter-Name</p>
        </li>
        <li>
         <p>Service-Parameter-Value</p>
        </li>
       </ul>
      </entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry> RATING.Bucket-Selection </entry>
      <entry> Bucket Selection is an action attribute info name defined within the RATING result
       context. It signifies the output of tariff rule as bucket. Bucket should be non-monetary
       only. For monetary buckets, RATING.Rate is used. </entry>
      <entry> Input a bucket name as a data string. </entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry> RATING.Charging-Service-Applicable </entry>
      <entry> This is an action attribute info name defined within the RATING result context. It
       signifies whether the charging service configured for different conditions is evaluated and
       results in True or False accordingly. </entry>
      <entry> No input required </entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry> RATING.Counter-Applicable </entry>
      <entry> This is an action attribute defined within the RATING result context, signifies
       whether the counter is applicable or not. </entry>
      <entry> Void </entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry> RATING.Counter-Selection </entry>
      <entry> This is an action attribute info name defined within the RATING result context. It
       signifies the output of tariff rule as Counter. It can have accumulation of usage/cost. </entry>
      <entry> Input a counter name as a data list string. </entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry> RATING.Final-Unit-Action-Redirect </entry>
      <entry> Once the rules are evaluated and FUI/FUA is got in result, FUI/FUA object is created
       and set to the corresponding MSCC. It contains three parameters for redirect:
        (<uicontrol>RedirectServerAddress_STRING</uicontrol>,
        <uicontrol>ValidityTime_LONG</uicontrol>, and
        <uicontrol>RedirectAddressType_ENUM</uicontrol>). </entry>
      <entry>
       <p>RedirectAddressType:</p>
       <p>IPV4</p>
       <p>IPV6</p>
       <p>URL</p>
       <p>SIP_URI</p>
      </entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry> RATING.Final-Unit-Action-Terminate </entry>
      <entry> Once the rules are evaluated and FUI/FUA is got in result, FUI/FUA object is created
       and set to the corresponding MSCC with action as terminate. It is without parameter for final
       unit action. </entry>
      <entry> — </entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry> RATING.No-Charge </entry>
      <entry> This is an action attribute info name defined within the RATING result context. It
       signifies the output of the tariff rule in case of free calling. </entry>
      <entry> No input required </entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry> RATING.Rate </entry>
      <entry> Rate is an action attribute info name defined within the RATING result context. It
       signifies the output tariff rule as rate. It is always applied to the monetary resource that
       is, bucket of monetary type or account balance). </entry>
      <entry>
       <p>Input a Rate_STRING or Target_STRING.</p>
       <p>The Target_STRING is a text string to be parsed.</p>
      </entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry> RULE_TABLE.Rule-Table </entry>
      <entry>
       <p>A reference to an existing child rule table.</p>
       <p>You can have multiple instances of the <systemoutput>DSC.Rule-Table</systemoutput> action
        in the same rule, which allows you to configure the rule table as the parent rule table from
        which, depending on the conditions met, the actions of existing child rule tables are
        executed. When the parent runs and the criteria are met, all of the child rule tables are
        evaluated, and their results are merged using the following criteria:</p>
       <ul>
        <li>
         <p>If an action is only returned by one of the rule tables, use the value.</p>
        </li>
        <li>
         <p>If an action is returned by more than one rule table, and the action can have multiple
          values, combine all of the values into a single collection of values and use the
          result.</p>
        </li>
        <li>
         <p>If an action is returned by more than one rule table, and the action can only have one
          value, the first value returned for this action is used. Note that since actions are not
          provisioned in a set order, this order may not be consistent.</p>
        </li>
       </ul>
       <p>After all of the actions have been collected using the above criteria, they are all
        applied as if those same actions were provisioned in the rule. During this step, the
        previous merging strategy is used, so if an action already has a value the new value is
        ignored. This may also produce inconsistent results since there is no way to guarantee the
        order in which actions in a rule are applied.</p>
      </entry>
      <entry> Managed object </entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry> RATING.Taxation-Applicable </entry>
      <entry> This parameter indicates a rule condition expression evaluated to determine whether
       the taxation is applicable. The default applicability condition for taxation is true. </entry>
      <entry> — </entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry> RATING.Tax-Selection </entry>
      <entry> The taxation can be attached or detached to a bundle or an account to implement the
       tax. The taxation profile entity includes multiple percentage tax rates and applicability
       condition. If the taxation reference is not provided in the charging service tariff rule,
       then the taxation does not apply. </entry>
      <entry> — </entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry> SESSION_PARAMETERS.Call-Roaming-Status </entry>
      <entry> This action is used to set the value of roaming status based on the condition
       criteria. </entry>
      <entry> — </entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry> SESSION_PARAMETERS.Call-Sub-Type </entry>
      <entry> Type of call value to be set in action. </entry>
      <entry> — </entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry> SESSION_PARAMETERS.Called-Party </entry>
      <entry> It is the first entry of Service-Information/IMS-Information/Called-Party-Address. </entry>
      <entry> — </entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry> SESSION_PARAMETERS.Called-Party-Country </entry>
      <entry> A string that contains information about called party country name. </entry>
      <entry> — </entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry> SESSION_PARAMETERS.Called-Party-Type </entry>
      <entry> Enum to recognize the Called-Party Type. </entry>
      <entry>
       <p>email address </p>
       <p>MSISDN </p>
       <p>IPv4 Address </p>
       <p>IPv6 Address </p>
       <p>Numeric Shortcode </p>
       <p>Alphanumeric Shortcode </p>
       <p>Other </p>
       <p>IMSI</p>
      </entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry> SESSION_PARAMETERS.Calling-Party </entry>
      <entry> It is the first entry of Service-Information/IMS-Information/Calling-Party-Address. </entry>
      <entry> — </entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry> SESSION_PARAMETERS.Calling-Party-Type </entry>
      <entry> Enum to recognize the Calling-Party Type. </entry>
      <entry>
       <p>email address </p>
       <p>MSISDN </p>
       <p>IPv4 Address </p>
       <p>IPv6 Address </p>
       <p>Numeric Shortcode </p>
       <p>Alphanumeric Shortcode </p>
       <p>Other </p>
       <p>IMSI</p>
      </entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry> SESSION_PARAMETERS.Is-OnNet </entry>
      <entry> Checks whether the called and calling party are onNet or Offnet and respectively
       returns a Boolean value. </entry>
      <entry> — </entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry> SESSION_PARAMETERS.MCC </entry>
      <entry> Mobile Country Code used to identify user location. </entry>
      <entry> — </entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry> SESSION_PARAMETERS.MCCMNC </entry>
      <entry> Concatenated string of MCC and MNC. </entry>
      <entry> — </entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry> SESSION_PARAMETERS.MNC </entry>
      <entry> Mobile Network Code used to identify user location. </entry>
      <entry> — </entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry> SESSION_PARAMETERS.RAT-TYPE </entry>
      <entry> Enum used to identify the radio access technology that is serving the UE. </entry>
      <entry>
       <p>WLAN </p>
       <p>UTRAN </p>
       <p>GERAN </p>
       <p>GAN </p>
       <p>HSPA_EVOLUTION </p>
       <p>EUTRAN </p>
       <p>CDMA2000_1X </p>
       <p>HRPD </p>
       <p>UMB </p>
       <p>EHRPD </p>
       <p>VIRTUAL </p>
       <p>EUTRAN_NB_IoT </p>
       <p>NR </p>
       <p>NG_RAN</p>
      </entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry> SESSION_PARAMETERS.Reject-Call </entry>
      <entry> Early rejection of the call. </entry>
      <entry> — </entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry> SESSION_PARAMETERS.Return-Result-Code </entry>
      <entry> Used to set the result code at the root level. </entry>
      <entry> — </entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry> SESSION_PARAMETERS.SDP-Media-Component-SDP-Media-Name </entry>
      <entry>
       <i>SDP-Media-Name</i> AVP contains information about Media type. </entry>
      <entry> — </entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry> SPR_DEVICE.Allow-Overage </entry>
      <entry> Flag indicating if overage is enabled. </entry>
      <entry> Boolean </entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry> SPR_DEVICE.Category-List </entry>
      <entry> List to specify Category Order traversal specified by Device. </entry>
      <entry> List of String </entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry> SPR_DEVICE.Counter-Ids </entry>
      <entry> The Counter Ids directly associated to this device without subscription. </entry>
      <entry> List of String </entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry> SPR_DEVICE.Creation-Time </entry>
      <entry> The time (epoch) when this device was created. </entry>
      <entry> Long </entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry> SPR_DEVICE.Custom-Data-Add </entry>
      <entry> This action is used to attach the Custom data which is already defined in the system
       to device. If this Custom Data already existed in the device, the service updates the value
       of Custom Data in the device. </entry>
      <entry> — </entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry> SPR_DEVICE.Custom-Data-Add-Immediate </entry>
      <entry>
       <p>This action is used to attach the custom Data which is already defined in the system to
        device. If this Custom Data already existed in the device, the service updates the value of
        Custom Data in the device.</p>
       <p>The result of this action is immediately available for subsequent rule processing.</p>
      </entry>
      <entry> — </entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry> SPR_DEVICE.Custom-Data-Remove </entry>
      <entry> This action is used to remove a custom data of a device. </entry>
      <entry> — </entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry> SPR_DEVICE.Custom-Data-Remove-Immediate </entry>
      <entry> This action is used to remove a custom data of a device. </entry>
      <entry> — </entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry> SPR_DEVICE.Device-Id </entry>
      <entry> The Id of the device. </entry>
      <entry> String </entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry> SPR_DEVICE.Device-Name </entry>
      <entry> The name of the device. </entry>
      <entry> String </entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry> SPR_DEVICE.Device-Type </entry>
      <entry> The record type of the device. </entry>
      <entry>
       <p>Enum with following options:</p>
       <p>NORMAL </p>
       <p>UNKNOWN </p>
       <p>TEMPLATE</p>
      </entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry> SPR_DEVICE.E164 </entry>
      <entry> The E164 of the device. </entry>
      <entry> String </entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry> SPR_DEVICE.External-Id </entry>
      <entry> The external ID of the device. </entry>
      <entry> String </entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry> SPR_DEVICE.IMSI </entry>
      <entry> The IMSI of the device. </entry>
      <entry> String </entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry> SPR_DEVICE.Is-Barred </entry>
      <entry> Flag to indicate if the device is barred. </entry>
      <entry> Boolean </entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>SPR_DEVICE.Is-Exist-Bundle</entry>
      <entry>Checks the Bundle-Name passed in the argument in the parent group on entity for which
       this threshold is configured.</entry>
      <entry>Boolean</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>SPR_DEVICE.Is-Exist-Bundle-In-Parent-Group</entry>
      <entry>Checks the Bundle pass in argument in Entity itself for which threshold is
       configured.</entry>
      <entry>Boolean</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>SPR_DEVICE.Is-Exist-Bundle-In-Top-Group</entry>
      <entry>Checks the Bundle-Name passed in the argument on top group of hierarchy for which this
       threshold is configured.</entry>
      <entry>Boolean</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry> SPR_DEVICE.Is-First-Call </entry>
      <entry> Flag to indicate that device is used first time in call. </entry>
      <entry> Boolean </entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry> SPR_DEVICE.Is-First-Call-Done </entry>
      <entry> Flag that indicate that device is used first time in call request or it is previously
       called. </entry>
      <entry> Boolean </entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry> SPR_DEVICE.Last-Update-Time </entry>
      <entry> The time (epoch) when this device was updated. </entry>
      <entry> Long </entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry> SPR_DEVICE.Ldap-Search-Device </entry>
      <entry> Flag to indicate whether the Device is searched from Ldap or not. </entry>
      <entry> Boolean </entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry> SPR_DEVICE.MSISDN </entry>
      <entry> The MSISDN of the device. </entry>
      <entry> String </entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry> SPR_DEVICE.NAI </entry>
      <entry> The NAI of the device. </entry>
      <entry> String </entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry> SPR_DEVICE.Notification-Profile </entry>
      <entry> The Notification Profile associated to this Device. </entry>
      <entry> String </entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry> SPR_DEVICE.Ocs-Host </entry>
      <entry> The host name of the OCS. </entry>
      <entry> String </entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry> SPR_DEVICE.Ocs-Realm </entry>
      <entry> The realm of the OCS site. </entry>
      <entry> String </entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry> SPR_DEVICE.Offline-Timestamp </entry>
      <entry> Device off line time (last termination time). </entry>
      <entry> Long </entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry> SPR_DEVICE.Password </entry>
      <entry> Device password for Wireline subscriber device. </entry>
      <entry> String </entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry> SPR_DEVICE.Password-Encrypted </entry>
      <entry> Flag to indicate whether the stored password encrypted or not. </entry>
      <entry> Boolean </entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry> SPR_DEVICE.Private-Id </entry>
      <entry> The Private-Id of the device. </entry>
      <entry> String </entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry> SPR_DEVICE.SIP-URI </entry>
      <entry> The SIP-URI of the device. </entry>
      <entry> String </entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry> SPR_DEVICE.Subscriber-Custom-Attribute </entry>
      <entry> This action is used to access a custom data of a device. </entry>
      <entry> — </entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry> SPR_DEVICE.Subscription-Index </entry>
      <entry> Index used for sorting the device subscriptions for rating along with Group
       subscriptions. </entry>
      <entry> Integer </entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry> SPR_DEVICE.Sy-Ocs-Enabled </entry>
      <entry> Flag indicating if integration with OCS through Sy is enabled. </entry>
      <entry> Boolean </entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry> SPR_DEVICE.Trigger-Source </entry>
      <entry> Indicates which component triggers this attribute updates. </entry>
      <entry> String </entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry> SPR_DEVICE.Usage-Control-Services </entry>
      <entry> The applicable Usage Control Service for this device. </entry>
      <entry> Set of String </entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry> SPR_DEVICE.Usage-Services </entry>
      <entry> It has the name of the UCS subscribed by the device. </entry>
      <entry> — </entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry> SPR_GROUP.Device-Counter-Ids </entry>
      <entry> Ids of Device Counters associated to this group. </entry>
      <entry> List of String </entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry> SPR_GROUP.Group-Id </entry>
      <entry> The Id of the group. </entry>
      <entry> String </entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry> SPR_GROUP.Group-Name </entry>
      <entry> The name of the group. </entry>
      <entry> String </entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry> SPR_GROUP.Child-Device-Ids </entry>
      <entry> Set of Device Id attached with the group. </entry>
      <entry> Set of String </entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry> SPR_GROUP.Child-Device-Names </entry>
      <entry> Set of Child Device Names attached with the group. </entry>
      <entry> Set of String </entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry> SPR_GROUP.Child-Group-Ids </entry>
      <entry> Set of Child Group Id attached with the group. </entry>
      <entry> Set of String </entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry> SPR_GROUP.Child-Group-Names </entry>
      <entry> Set of Child Group Names attached with the group. </entry>
      <entry> Set of String </entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry> SPR_GROUP.Creation-Time </entry>
      <entry> The time (epoch) when this group was created. </entry>
      <entry> Long </entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry> SPR_GROUP.Custom-Data-Add </entry>
      <entry> Used to attach the Custom Data which is already defined in system to group. If this
       Custom Data already existed in the group, the service updates the value of Custom Data in the
       group. </entry>
      <entry> — </entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry> SPR_GROUP.Custom-Data-Add-Immediate </entry>
      <entry> Used to attach the Custom Data which is already defined in system to group. If this
       Custom Data already existed in the group, the service updates the value of Custom Data in the
       group. </entry>
      <entry> — </entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry> SPR_GROUP.Custom-Data-Remove </entry>
      <entry> This action is used to remove a custom data of a group. </entry>
      <entry> — </entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry> SPR_GROUP.Custom-Data-Remove-Immediate </entry>
      <entry> This action is used to remove a custom data of a group. </entry>
      <entry> — </entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry> SPR_GROUP.Group-Counter-Ids </entry>
      <entry> Ids of Counters associated with group. </entry>
      <entry> List of String </entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>SPR_GROUP.Is-Exist-Bundle</entry>
      <entry>Checks the Bundle-Name passed in the argument in Entity for which this threshold is
       configured.</entry>
      <entry>Boolean</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>SPR_GROUP.Is-Exist-Bundle-In-Parent-Group</entry>
      <entry>Checks the Bundle-Name passed in the argument in Parent group on entity for which this
       threshold is configured.</entry>
      <entry>Boolean</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry>SPR_GROUP.Is-Exist-Bundle-In-Top-Group</entry>
      <entry>Checks the Bundle-Name passed in the argument on top group of hierarchy for which this
       threshold is configured.</entry>
      <entry>Boolean</entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry> SPR_GROUP.Last-Update-Time </entry>
      <entry> The time (epoch) when this group was updated. </entry>
      <entry> Long </entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry> SPR_GROUP.Notification-Profile </entry>
      <entry> The Notification Profile associated to this Group. </entry>
      <entry> String </entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry> SPR_GROUP.Subscriber-Custom-Attribute </entry>
      <entry> This action is used to access a custom data of a group. </entry>
      <entry> - </entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry> SPR_GROUP.Traversal-Order </entry>
      <entry> Defines Group Hierarchy Traversal Order. </entry>
      <entry>
       <p>Enum with following options:</p>
       <p>TOP_DOWN</p>
       <p>BOTTOM_UP</p>
      </entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry> SPR_GROUP.Usage-Services </entry>
      <entry> It has the name of the UCS subscribed by the group. </entry>
      <entry> — </entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry> SY.Change-Policy-Counter-Id </entry>
      <entry> This action alters the policy counter Id in the SLR (two parameters: old counter Id
       and new counter Id). </entry>
      <entry> LIST OF GenericValueWrapper </entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry> SY.Change-Policy-Counter-Status </entry>
      <entry> This action alters the policy counter status of a given counter Id in SNR (two
       parameters: <uicontrol>Counter Id</uicontrol> and <uicontrol>Counter Status</uicontrol> -
       Counter status updated by Counter Id). </entry>
      <entry> LIST OF GenericValueWrapper </entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry> SY.Remove-Policy-Counter-Id </entry>
      <entry> This action removes a matching policy counter Id from SLR or SNR (one parameter:
       counter Id). </entry>
      <entry> LIST OF STRING </entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry> SY.Remove-Unchanged-Policy-Counter-Status-Report </entry>
      <entry> This action discards policy counter Id from being included in the SNR
       Policy-Counter-Status-Report when the old and new states are identical. </entry>
      <entry> Void </entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry> SY.Send-SNR </entry>
      <entry> This action sends SNR message. </entry>
      <entry> STRING </entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry> SY.Drop-SNR </entry>
      <entry> This action discards the entire SNR message </entry>
      <entry> Void </entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry> SYSTEM.Dummy-Action_INTERVAL </entry>
      <entry> Sets the dummy action interval by variable name and value. </entry>
      <entry>
       <p>Variable name as a string</p>
       <p>Variable value as a string</p>
      </entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry> SYSTEM.Length-Of </entry>
      <entry> This action calculates the length of input string. </entry>
      <entry> STRING </entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry> THRESHOLD.Notification-Destination </entry>
      <entry> Notification-Destination is an action attribute info name that indicates whether the
       notification must be sent to a group or device based on the value defined. </entry>
      <entry> Entered as an ENUM value </entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry> THRESHOLD.Threshold-Crossed </entry>
      <entry> Threshold-Crossed is an action attribute info name defined within the Threshold result
       context. It signifies that the flag indicating threshold applied to bucket/counter has been
       crossed or not. </entry>
      <entry> Input as a ThresholdName_STRING or RecurrenceCount_STRING. </entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry> THRESHOLD.Threshold-Profile-Interval-Count </entry>
      <entry>
       <userinput>Threshold Profile Interval Count</userinput> is an action attribute info name
       defined within the Threshold result context. It signifies the interval count of the threshold
       profile configured. </entry>
      <entry> Input as a Long value </entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry> THRESHOLD.Threshold-Trigger-Type </entry>
      <entry> Indicates whether the threshold is triggered by a call or provisioning task. </entry>
      <entry> - </entry>
     </row>
     <row>
      <entry> THRESHOLD.Schedule-Event </entry>
      <entry>
       <p>Schedule-Event is an action attribute to support the time management in counters. The
        syntax for this action is:</p>
       <p>
        <codeph>Schedule-Event("&lt;TIME_VALUE&gt;",&lt;TIME_UNIT&gt;,&lt;Action&gt;)</codeph>
       </p>
       <p>TIME_VALUE is the length of the period, TIME_UNIT is the period unit such as Day, Week,
        and Action is the action to perform such as Reset.</p>
       <p>
        <uicontrol>Example: Daily counter reset</uicontrol>THRESHOLD.Schedule-Event
        (“1”,TimeUnit_DAY, ThresholdScheduledEventType_RESET)</p>
      </entry>
      <entry>
       <p>SECONDS</p>
       <p>MINUTES</p>
       <p>HOURS</p>
       <p>DAYS</p>
       <p>WEEKS</p>
       <p>MONTHS</p>
       <p>YEARS</p>
      </entry>
     </row>
    </tbody>
   </tgroup>
  </table>
<p>As an example of using the contexts mentioned in the previous tables, the following rules can be provisioned for a rule table that determines roaming, call sub-type, and zoning:</p>
  <section id="section_a3v_dyt_5mb"><title>To determine roaming status when setting
    Call-Sub-Type</title><p>
    <i>Trigger</i> = <varname>GY_CREDIT_REQUEST</varname>
   </p>
   <p>
    <i>Name</i> = <varname>RT1_RoamingDecision</varname>
   </p>
   <userinput>If GyCCR.Service-Information.PS-Information.3GPP-SGSN-MCC-MNC equals
    302069</userinput>
   <userinput>Then CALL_RESULT.Call-Roaming-Status=RoamingDecision.HOME </userinput>
  </section>
  <section id="section_itd_fyt_5mb"><title>To set the Call-Sub-Type</title><p>
    <i>Trigger</i> = <varname>GY_CREDIT_REQUEST</varname>
   </p>
   <p>
    <i>Name</i> = <varname>RT2_CallSubTypeDecision</varname>
   </p>
   <userinput>If GY_MESSAGE.Multiple-Services-Credit-Control.Rating-Group=8</userinput>
   <userinput>Then CALL_RESULT.Call-Sub-Type = SMS_MO </userinput>
  </section>
  <section id="section_ak4_gyt_5mb"><title>To set the Call-Zones</title><p>
    <i>Trigger</i> = <varname>GY_CREDIT_REQUEST</varname>
   </p>
   <p>
    <i>Name</i> = <varname>RT4_ZoneDecision2</varname>
   </p>
   <userinput>If GyCCR.Service-Information.PS-Information.3GPP-SGSN-MCC-MNC equals
    302069</userinput>
   <userinput>Then Call-Zones = North America, Canada, Ontario </userinput>
   <table frame="all" id="triggertype" pgwide="1" colsep="1" rowsep="1">
    <title>Valid values for CALL_RESULT.Trigger-type</title>
    <tgroup cols="3">
     <colspec colname="col1"/>
     <colspec colname="col2"/>
     <colspec colname="col3"/>
     <thead>
      <row>
       <entry>
        <p>Trigger_Type</p>
       </entry>
       <entry>
        <p>Supported in IMS</p>
       </entry>
       <entry>
        <p>Supported in GY</p>
       </entry>
      </row>
     </thead>
     <tbody>
      <row>
       <entry> CHANGE_IN_QOS(2, "Change in QoS"), </entry>
       <entry> No </entry>
       <entry> No </entry>
      </row>
      <row>
       <entry> CHANGE_IN_LOCATION(3, "Change In Location"), </entry>
       <entry> Yes </entry>
       <entry> Yes </entry>
      </row>
      <row>
       <entry> CHANGE_IN_RAT(4, "Change in RAT"), </entry>
       <entry> Yes </entry>
       <entry> Yes </entry>
      </row>
      <row>
       <entry> CHANGEINLOCATION_MCC(30, "Change in Location MCC"), </entry>
       <entry> Yes </entry>
       <entry> Yes </entry>
      </row>
      <row>
       <entry> CHANGEINLOCATION_MNC(31, "Change in Location MNC"), </entry>
       <entry> Yes </entry>
       <entry> Yes </entry>
      </row>
      <row>
       <entry> CHANGEINLOCATION_RAC(32, "Change in Location RAC"), </entry>
       <entry> No </entry>
       <entry> Yes </entry>
      </row>
      <row>
       <entry> CHANGEINLOCATION_LAC(33, "Change in Location LAC"), </entry>
       <entry> Yes </entry>
       <entry> Yes </entry>
      </row>
      <row>
       <entry> CHANGEINLOCATION_CellId(34, "Change in Location Cell Id"), </entry>
       <entry> Yes </entry>
       <entry> Yes </entry>
      </row>
      <row>
       <entry> CHANGEINLOCATION_TAC(35, "Change in Location TAC"), </entry>
       <entry> Yes </entry>
       <entry> Yes </entry>
      </row>
      <row>
       <entry> CHANGEINLOCATION_ECGI(36, "Change in Location ECGI"), </entry>
       <entry> Yes </entry>
       <entry> No </entry>
      </row>
      <row>
       <entry> CHANGE_IN_MEDIA_COMPOSITION(40, "Change in Media Composition"), </entry>
       <entry> Yes </entry>
       <entry> No </entry>
      </row>
      <row>
       <entry> CHANGE_IN_PARTICIPANTS_NMB(50, "Change in Participants NMB"), </entry>
       <entry> Yes </entry>
       <entry> No </entry>
      </row>
      <row>
       <entry> DISARM(75,"Disarm"); </entry>
       <entry> Yes </entry>
       <entry> Yes </entry>
      </row>
     </tbody>
    </tgroup>
   </table>
  </section>
</conbody>
</concept>
