<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="id9yz-09126-cn01-tczza-d1e5907"><title>DiameterRequest and DiameterAnswer context</title><conbody>
<section><title>Overview</title>
<p>The NCC allows you to write rules and message filters to manipulate the generic processing of
                DiameterRequest and DiameterAnswer messages. </p>
<p>The following table describes actions available for DiameterRequest and DiameterAnswer contexts.
                See for an example of a Diameter Rule that manipulates generic processing of a
                DiameterRequest message.<table colsep="1" rowsep="1">
<title>DiameterRequest and DiameterAnswer actions</title>
<tgroup cols="2">
<colspec colname="col1"/>
<colspec colname="col2"/>
<thead>
<row>
<entry>
<p>Action</p>
</entry>
<entry>
<p>Description</p>
</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry> Add-Metrics-Attribute </entry>
<entry> Allows you to add metric attributes </entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry> Auth-Application-Id.Add </entry>
<entry> Adds the Auth-Application-Id AVP in the message </entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry> Auth-Application-Id.Append </entry>
<entry> Appends to the value of Auth-Application-Id AVP in the
                                    message </entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry> Auth-Application-Id.M-Bit </entry>
<entry> Sets the Auth-Application-Id M-Bit in the message </entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry> Auth-Application-Id.P-Bit </entry>
<entry> Sets the Auth-Application-Id P-Bit in the message </entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry> Auth-Application-Id..Prepend </entry>
<entry> Prepends to the value of the Auth-Application-Id AVP in the
                                    message </entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry> Auth-Application-Id.Remove </entry>
<entry> Removes the Auth-Application-Id AVP in the message </entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry> Auth-Application-Id.Remove-Value </entry>
<entry> Removes the value of the Auth-Application-Id AVP in the
                                    message </entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry> Auth-Application-Id.Set </entry>
<entry> Sets the Auth-Application-Id </entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry> Auth-Application-Id.V-Bit </entry>
<entry> Sets the Auth-Application-Id V-Bit in the message </entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry> Clear-Read-Indices </entry>
<entry>
<p>Allows you to clear the Read-Index cache maintained by the
                                        NCC. The cache is automatically cleared for public rule
                                        table invocations.</p>
<p>The action uses the following syntax:</p>
<p>&lt;Context&gt;.Clear-Read-Indices</p>
<p>The &lt;context&gt; can be any NCC message context. For
                                        example, GxCCA.Clear-Read-Indices will clear the Read-Index
                                        cache for the GxCCA message.</p>
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry> Clear-Routing-Peer </entry>
<entry> An action used to clear the peer from the message. </entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry> Clear-Write-Indices </entry>
<entry>
<p>Allows you to clear the Write-Index cache maintained by the
                                        NCC. The cache is automatically cleared for public rule
                                        table invocations.</p>
<p>The action uses the following syntax:</p>
<p>&lt;Context&gt;.Clear-Write-Indices</p>
<p>The &lt;context&gt; can be any NCC message context. For
                                        example, GxCCA.Clear-Write-Indices will clear the
                                        Write-Index cache for the GxCCA message.</p>
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry> Delay </entry>
<entry> When invoked from the Diameter Request/Answer filter, this
                                    action causes the routing of/replying to the message to be
                                    delayed by the specified duration in milliseconds. A duration
                                    less than 1 or greater than the maximum allowed delay results in
                                    the message not being delayed at all. </entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry> Destination-Host.Add </entry>
<entry> Adds the Destination-Host AVP in the message </entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry> Destination-Host.Append </entry>
<entry> Appends to the value of the Destination-Host AVP in the
                                    message </entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry> Destination-Host.M-Bit </entry>
<entry> Sets the Destination-Host M-Bit in the message </entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry> Destination-Host.P-Bit </entry>
<entry> Sets the Destination-Host P-Bit in the message </entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry> Destination-Host.Prepend </entry>
<entry> Prepends to the value of the Destination-Host AVP in the
                                    message </entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry> Destination-Host.Remove </entry>
<entry> Removes the Destination-Host AVP in the message </entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry> Destination-Host.Remove-Value </entry>
<entry> Removes the value of the Destination-Host AVP in the message
                                </entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry> Destination-Host.Set </entry>
<entry> Sets the Destination-Host </entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry> Destination-Host.V-Bit </entry>
<entry> Sets the Destination-Host V-Bit in the message </entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry> Destination-Realm.Add </entry>
<entry> Adds the Destination-Realm AVP in the message </entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry> Destination-Realm.Append </entry>
<entry> Appends to the value of the Destination-Realm AVP in the
                                    message </entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry> Destination-Realm.M-Bit </entry>
<entry> Sets the Destination-Realm M-Bit in the message </entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry> Destination-Realm.P-Bit </entry>
<entry> Sets the Destination-Realm P-Bit in the message </entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry> Destination-Realm.Prepend </entry>
<entry> Prepends to the value of the Destination-Realm AVP in the
                                    message </entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry> Destination-Realm.Remove </entry>
<entry> Removes the Destination-Realm AVP in the message </entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry> Destination-Realm.Remove-Value </entry>
<entry> Removes the value of the Destination-Realm AVP in the
                                    message </entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry> Destination-Realm.Set </entry>
<entry> Sets the Destination-Realm </entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry> Destination-Realm.V-Bit </entry>
<entry> Sets the Destination-Realm V-Bit in the message </entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry> Discard </entry>
<entry> When invoked from a request message filter, this action
                                    causes the message to be discarded without processing. The
                                    request is neither forwarded nor answered. For example, this
                                    action allows you to write filters to handle cases where the NCC
                                    is required to remain silent and not respond to any request
                                    messages. </entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry> Discard-Delayed-Messages </entry>
<entry> When invoked from the Diameter Request, Diameter Answer, and
                                    Diameter Message rule sets, the Discard-Delayed-Messages
                                    attribute discards any delayed messages (for example, through
                                    the Delay rule attribute) that have the same Session-Id as the
                                    current message being processed. </entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry> Discard-With-Percentage </entry>
<entry> When invoked from the Diameter Request, Diameter Answer, and
                                    Diameter Message rule sets, the
                                    Discard-Delayed-Messages-with-Percentage attribute discards any
                                    delayed messages along with the percentage of processed parts of
                                    the message in the current message being processed. </entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry> Log-EDR </entry>
<entry> When invoked from the Diameter Request, Diameter Answer, and
                                    Diameter Message rule sets, this attribute enables EDR logging.
                                </entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry> Move-AVP-After </entry>
<entry> Moves the AVP down in order </entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry> Move-AVP-Before </entry>
<entry> Moves the AVP up in order </entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry> Origin-Host.Add </entry>
<entry> Adds the Origin-host AVP in the message </entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry> Origin-Host.Append </entry>
<entry> Appends to the value of the Origin-host AVP in the message
                                </entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry> Origin-Host.M-Bit </entry>
<entry> Sets the Origin-host M-Bit in the message </entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry> Origin-Host.P-Bit </entry>
<entry> Sets the Origin-host P-Bit in the message </entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry> Origin-Host.Prepend </entry>
<entry> Prepends to the value of the Origin-host AVP in the message
                                </entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry> Origin-Host.Remove </entry>
<entry> Removes the Origin-host AVP in the message </entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry> Origin-Host.Remove-Value </entry>
<entry> Removes the value of the Origin-host AVP in the message
                                </entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry> Origin-Host.Set </entry>
<entry> Sets the Origin-host </entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry> Origin-Host.V-Bit </entry>
<entry> Sets the Origin-host V-Bit </entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry> Origin-Realm.Add </entry>
<entry> Adds the Origin-Realm AVP in the message </entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry> Origin-Realm.Append </entry>
<entry> Appends to the value of the Origin-Realm AVP in the message
                                </entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry> Origin-Realm.M-Bit </entry>
<entry> Sets the Origin-Realm M-Bit in the message </entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry> Origin-Realm.P-Bit </entry>
<entry> Sets the Origin-Realm P-Bit in the message </entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry> Origin-Realm.Prepend </entry>
<entry> Prepends to the value of the Origin-Realm AVP in the message
                                </entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry> Origin-Realm.Remove </entry>
<entry> Removes the Origin-Realm AVP in the message </entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry> Origin-Realm.Remove-Value </entry>
<entry> Removes the value of the Origin-Realm </entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry> Origin-Realm.Set </entry>
<entry> Sets the Origin-Realm </entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry> Origin-Realm.V-Bit </entry>
<entry> Sets the Origin-Realm V-Bit in the message </entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry> Origin-State-Id.Add </entry>
<entry> Adds the Origin-State-Id AVP in the message </entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry> Origin-State-Id.Append </entry>
<entry> Appends to the value of the Origin-State-Id AVP in the
                                    message </entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry> Origin-State-Id.M-Bit </entry>
<entry> Sets theOrigin-State-Id M-Bit in the message </entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry> Origin-State-Id.P-Bit </entry>
<entry> Sets the Origin-State-Id P-Bit in the message </entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry> Origin-State-Id.Prepend </entry>
<entry> Prepends to the value of the Origin-State-Id AVP in the
                                    message </entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry> Origin-State-Id.Remove </entry>
<entry> Removes the Origin-State-Id AVP in the message </entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry> Origin-State-Id.Remove-Value </entry>
<entry> Removes the value of the Origin-State-Id AVP </entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry> Origin-State-Id.Set </entry>
<entry> Sets the Origin-State-Id </entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry> Origin-State-Id.V-Bit </entry>
<entry> Sets the Origin-State-Id V-Bit in the message </entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry> Perform-Base-Validation </entry>
<entry> Performs the Base validation for Gx, Gy, Sy, and Rx </entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry> Proxy-Info.M-Bit </entry>
<entry> Sets the Proxy-Info M-Bit in the message </entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry> Proxy-Info.P-Bit </entry>
<entry> Sets the Proxy-Info P-Bit in the message </entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry> Proxy-Info.Proxy-Host.M-Bit </entry>
<entry> Sets the Proxy-Info.Proxy-Host M-Bit in the message </entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry> Proxy-Info.Proxy-Host.P-Bit </entry>
<entry> Sets the Proxy-Info.Proxy-Host P-Bit in the message </entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry> Proxy-Info.Proxy-Host.Add </entry>
<entry> Used to add a Proxy-Info.Proxy-Host AVP in the message
                                </entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry> Proxy-Info.Proxy-Host.Append </entry>
<entry> Used to append to the value of the Proxy-Info.Proxy-Host AVP
                                    in the message </entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry> Proxy-Info.Proxy-Host.Prepend </entry>
<entry> Used to prepend to the value of the Proxy-Info.Proxy-Host
                                    AVP in the message </entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry> Proxy-Info.Proxy-Host.Read-Index </entry>
<entry> Used to access a Proxy-Info.Proxy-Host Read-Index </entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry> Reject-Request </entry>
<entry> When invoked from a request message filter, this action
                                    causes the message from a specified vendor-ID to be rejected
                                    returning a specified result code. </entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry> Reject-With-Percentage </entry>
<entry> When invoked from the Diameter Request, Diameter Answer, and
                                    Diameter Message rule sets, the message is rejected along with
                                    the percentage of processed parts of the message (e.g., delayed
                                    messages) in the current message being processed. </entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry> Route-Record.M-Bit </entry>
<entry> Sets the Route-Record M-Bit in the message </entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry> Route-Record.P-Bit </entry>
<entry> Sets the Route-Record P-Bit in the message </entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry> Route-Record.Add </entry>
<entry> Adds the Route-Record AVP to the message </entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry> Route-To-Chosen-Peer </entry>
<entry> The Route-To-Chosen-Peer action indicates that the diameter
                                    message should be routed to the chosen-peer that was stored in
                                    the message. When this action is used, the message will bypass
                                    the normal host and realm routing mechanisms. </entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry> Session-Id.Add </entry>
<entry> Adds the Session-Id AVP in the message </entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry> Session-Id.Append </entry>
<entry> Appends to the value of the Session-Id AVP in the message
                                </entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry> Session-Id.M-Bit </entry>
<entry> Sets the Session-Id M-Bit </entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry> Session-Id.P-Bit </entry>
<entry> Sets the Session-Id P-Bit </entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry> Session-Id.Prepend </entry>
<entry> Prepends to the value of the Session-Id AVP in the message
                                </entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry> Session-Id.Remove </entry>
<entry> Removes the Session-Id AVP in the message </entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry> Session-Id.Remove-Value </entry>
<entry> Removes the value of the Session-Id AVP in the message
                                </entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry> Session-Id.Set </entry>
<entry> Sets the Session-Id </entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry> Session-Id.V-Bit </entry>
<entry> Sets the Session-Id V-Bit </entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry> Set-Application </entry>
<entry>
<p>This action allows you to change the application id of the
                                        message to the value specified. The value of the new
                                        Application-Id must be zero or greater. </p>
<p>Changing the Diameter Application-Id and/or the
                                        command-Number information can potentially make the content
                                        of a message invalid to another device. Nokia recommends
                                        that you contact Technical Support if you need to use these
                                        actions.</p>
</entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry> Set-Command </entry>
<entry> This action allows you to change the command number of the
                                    Diameter message to the value specified. The new Command-Number
                                    must be zero or greater. This action should be used with caution
                                    as changing the command number can potentially make the content
                                    of a message invalid to another device. </entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry> Set-Long-Property </entry>
<entry> The annotated action name for setting a long property in the
                                    message. </entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry> Set-Proxy-Flag </entry>
<entry> Sets the P flag. If set, the message may be proxied,
                                    relayed, or redirected. If cleared, the message must be locally
                                    processed. </entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry> Set-Retransmission-Flag </entry>
<entry> Sets the T flag. This flag is set after a link failover
                                    procedure, to aid the removal of duplicate requests. It is set
                                    when resending requests not yet acknowledged, as an indication
                                    of a possible duplicate due to a link failure. This bit MUST be
                                    cleared when sending a request for the first time, otherwise the
                                    sender MUST set this flag. Diameter agents only need to be
                                    concerned about the number of requests they send based on a
                                    single received request; retransmissions by other entities need
                                    not be tracked. Diameter agents that receive a request with the
                                    T flag set, MUST keep the T flag set in the forwarded request.
                                    This flag must not be set if an error answer message (protocol
                                    error) has been received for the earlier message. It can be set
                                    only in cases where no answer has been received from the server
                                    for a request and the request is sent again. This flag must not
                                    be set in answer messages. </entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry> Set-String-Property </entry>
<entry> The annotated action name for setting a string property in
                                    the message. </entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry> Supported-Features-List-ID.Add </entry>
<entry> Adds the Supported-Features-List-ID AVP in the message
                                </entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry> Supported-Features-List-ID.M-Bit </entry>
<entry> Sets the Supported-Features-List-ID M-Bit in the message
                                </entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry> Supported-Features-List-ID.P-Bit </entry>
<entry> Sets the Supported-Features-List-ID P-Bit in the message
                                </entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry> Supported-Features-List-ID.Append </entry>
<entry> Appends to the value of the Supported-Features-List-ID to
                                    the message </entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry> Supported-Features-List-ID.Prepend </entry>
<entry> Prepends to the value of the Supported-Features-List-ID to
                                    the message </entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry> Supported-Features-List-ID.Read-Index </entry>
<entry> Reads the Supported-Features-List-ID Read Index in the
                                    message </entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry> Supported-Features-List-ID.Remove </entry>
<entry> Removes the Supported-Features-List-ID AVP from the message
                                </entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry> Supported-Features-List-ID.Remove-Value </entry>
<entry> Removes the value of the Supported-Features-List-ID AVP from
                                    the message </entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry> Supported-Features-List-ID.Set </entry>
<entry> Sets the Supported-Features-List-ID in the message </entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry> Supported-Features-List-ID.V-Bit </entry>
<entry> Sets the Supported-Features-List-ID V-Bit in the message
                                </entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry> Supported-Features-List-ID.Write-Index </entry>
<entry> Reads the Supported-Features-List-ID Write Index in the
                                    message </entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry> Supported-Features-List.Add </entry>
<entry> Adds the Supported-Features-List AVP </entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry> Supported-Features-List.M-Bit </entry>
<entry> Sets the Supported-Features-List M-Bit in the message
                                </entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry> Supported-Features-List.P-Bit </entry>
<entry> Sets the Supported-Features-List P-Bit in the message
                                </entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry> Supported-Features-List.Append </entry>
<entry> Appends to the value of the Supported-Features-List AVP to
                                    the message </entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry> Supported-Features-List.Prepend </entry>
<entry> Prepends to the value of the Supported-Features-List AVP in
                                    the message </entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry> Supported-Features-List.Read-Index </entry>
<entry> Reads the Supported-Features-List Read Index in the message
                                </entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry> Supported-Features-List.Remove </entry>
<entry> Removes the Supported-Features-List AVP from the message
                                </entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry> Supported-Features-List.Remove-Value </entry>
<entry> Removes the value of the Supported-Features-List AVP from
                                    the message </entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry> Supported-Features-List.Set </entry>
<entry> Sets the Supported-Features-List in the message </entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry> Supported-Features-List.V-Bit </entry>
<entry> Sets the Supported-Features-List V-Bit in the message
                                </entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry> Supported-Features-List.Write-Index </entry>
<entry> Reads the Supported-Features-List Write Index in the message
                                </entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry> Supported-Features.Add </entry>
<entry> Adds the Supported-Features AVP in the message </entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry> Supported-Features.M-Bit </entry>
<entry> Sets the Supported-Features M-Bit in the message </entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry> Supported-Features.P-Bit </entry>
<entry> Sets the Supported-Features P-Bit in the message </entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry> Supported-Features.Append </entry>
<entry> Appends to the value of the Supported-Features AVP in the
                                    message </entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry> Supported-Features.Prepend </entry>
<entry> Prepends to the value of the Supported-Features AVP in the
                                    message </entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry> Supported-Features.Read-Index </entry>
<entry> Reads the Supported-Features Read Index in the message
                                </entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry> Supported-Features.Remove </entry>
<entry> Removes the Supported-Features AVP from the message </entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry> Supported-Features.Remove-Value </entry>
<entry> Removes the value of the Supported-Features AVP from the
                                    message </entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry> Supported-Features.Set </entry>
<entry> Sets the Supported-Features in the message </entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry> Supported-Features.V-Bit </entry>
<entry> Sets the Supported-Features V-Bit in the message </entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry> Supported-Features.Write-Index </entry>
<entry> Reads the Supported-Features Write Index in the message
                                </entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry> Supported-Features-Vendor-Id.Add </entry>
<entry> Adds the Supported-Features-Vendor-Id AVP in the message
                                </entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry> Supported-Features-Vendor-Id.M-Bit </entry>
<entry> Sets the Supported-Features-Vendor-Id M-Bit in the message
                                </entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry> Supported-Features-Vendor-Id.P-Bit </entry>
<entry> Sets the Supported-Features-Vendor-Id P-Bit in the message
                                </entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry> Supported-Features-Vendor-Id.Append </entry>
<entry> Appends to the value of the Supported-Features-Vendor-Id AVP
                                    in the message </entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry> Supported-Features-Vendor-Id.Prepend </entry>
<entry> Prepends to the value of the Supported-Features-Vendor-Id
                                    AVP in the message </entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry> Supported-Features-Vendor-Id.Read-Index </entry>
<entry> Reads the Supported-Features-Vendor-Id Read Index in the
                                    message </entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry> Supported-Features-Vendor-Id.Remove </entry>
<entry> Removes the Supported-Features-Vendor-Id AVP in the message
                                </entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry> Supported-Features-Vendor-Id.Remove-Value </entry>
<entry> Removes the value of the Supported-Features-Vendor-Id AVP
                                    from the message </entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry> Supported-Features-Vendor-Id.Set </entry>
<entry> Sets the Supported-Features-Vendor-Id in the message
                                </entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry> Supported-Features-Vendor-Id.V-Bit </entry>
<entry> Sets the Supported-Features-Vendor-Id V-Bit in the message
                                </entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry> Supported-Features-Vendor-Id.Write-Index </entry>
<entry> Reads the Supported-Features-Vendor-Id Write Index in the
                                    message </entry>
</row>
<row>
<entry> Suppress-Route-Record </entry>
<entry> Used to suppress the route-record AVP. The value for this
                                    property is a comma-separated list of the origin-host (for
                                    example, Diameter identity) of the gateways that do not support
                                    the route-record AVP. When a request or response is sent to any
                                    of these gateways, the route-record AVP will not be included in
                                    the message. Suppressing the route-record AVP is particularly
                                    important when the Diameter client is a Cisco node. </entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table></p>
<sectiondiv id="ExDRmess">
<p><b>Example of manipulating the generic processing of a DiameterRequest messages</b></p>
<p>For example, the NCC default validation of destination realm on incoming requests allows an
                    incorrect realm to be processed. It ignores the destination realm if the wrong
                    destination realm is received. If you want a more strict validation with error
                    treatment, you can author Diameter rules to apply a stricter validation that
                    returns the error code and vendor ID. The following is an example of how to
                    configure a rule to protect the system from messages being sent to an 'unknown'
                    destination host and/or realm. In the Message validation GUI, give the filter a
                    name, a group-name, and optionally a description and Security Domain, then add
                    the criterion and actions as follows:</p>
<p>
<userinput>DiameterRequest.Destination-Realm</userinput>
</p>
<p>
<userinput>NOT_IN</userinput>
</p>
<p>
<userinput>(values)Realm1, Realm2, Realm3</userinput>
</p>
<p>Add Criterion</p>
<p>
<userinput>DiameterRequest.Destination-Host</userinput>
</p>
<p>
<userinput>NOT_IN</userinput>
</p>
<p>
<userinput>(values)Host1, Host2, Host3</userinput>
</p>
<p>Add Action</p>
<p>
<userinput>DiameterRequest</userinput>
</p>
<p>
<userinput>Discard</userinput>
</p>
<p>Add Action</p>
<p>
<userinput>DiameterRequest</userinput>
</p>
<p>
<userinput>Reject-Request</userinput>
</p>
<p>
<userinput>Result-Code = 4001</userinput>
</p>
<p>
<userinput>Vendor-ID = 0</userinput>
</p>
</sectiondiv>
</section>
</conbody></concept>