<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="id9yz-09126-cn01-tczza-d1e17931"><title>Multiple-Services-Credit-Control AVP support in the NCC Gy interface</title><conbody>
<section><title>Overview</title>
<p>
<i>Multiple-Services-Credit-Control</i> AVP is of type Grouped and contains the AVPs
                related to the independent credit-control of multiple services feature. Each
                instance of this AVP carries units related to one or more services or a single
                rating group or single service identifier. NCC supports multiple MSCC.</p>
<note>The following applies to multiple MSCC:<ul>
<li>
<p>If both rating group and service identifier values are received in a
                            Diameter request, then rating group takes precedence over service
                            identifier. Also, if multiple service identifiers are received in a
                            Diameter request, then the first service-identifier value is
                            considered.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Unit type is concluded at CCR level and not at MSCC level.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Currently, if USU is received with some value in CCR-I, then set it to
                            Null and value of USU is ignored without throwing any error and same is
                            followed.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Multiple MSCC support for IEC is for selective cases only.</p>
</li>
</ul></note>
<sectiondiv>
<p><b>Handling of asynchronous MSCC</b></p>
<p>Consider the following points when handling the asynchronous MSCC:</p><ul>
<li>
<p>If RSU AVP is not received in the CCR-U for a specific MSCC, then that MSCC is considered to be closed.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>A Diameter Gy session is not terminated even if all rating sessions in a CCR-U are terminated. The Diameter Gy session is cleared by audit or CCR-T.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>If all the rating sessions in a CCR-T are terminated, then only the Diameter Gy session is terminated.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>If a mandatory AVP is missing, then a global message in CCR-T is considered as an <varname>RFC-4006</varname> error.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>If a mandatory AVP is mentioned, then all rating sessions in CCR-T are deleted followed by the deletion of Diameter Gy session.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>If any new MSCC is received in a CCR-U, then a new rating session is opened for that specific MSCC, rating group, or service identifier.</p>
</li>
</ul>
</sectiondiv>
</section>
</conbody></concept>