<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="network_identifiers">
    <title>Network identifiers</title>
    <conbody>
        <p>Network identifiers including IMEI, Local Time stamp, IP Address, Subscriber Cell Tower
            Location, etc., are collected and stored in NCC database. For NCC CDR EDR module, the
            network identifiers are stored, processed and transferred in Redis DB and data files. In
            NCC-SS7, the IP address and location number are collected and stored in log files and is
            processed only to render the features of the product. The data is collected from network
            traffic. NCC uses the IP address of subscriber to discover and locate subscriber
            sessions and forward Diameter messages based on this data.</p>
        <p>The IMEI of a subscriber coming from the network over diameter protocol could be used to
            configure policies based on equipment type. Cell tower location of a subscriber may come
            in the diameter message. Operator can apply rules and send promotional notification
            based on cell tower location. Customer may configure conditions in policies based on
            location/access. The customer uses the IP address for managing their subscribers and
            network. The IP address is used to discover and locate sessions in the network. Diameter
            messages are forwarded based on the IP address. This data is stored in NCC database,
            logs, and in CDR. IP address is present in the CDR only for Gx call flows in order to
            identify the IP address assigned to a subscriber in those flows. Local time stamp in CDR
            specify the event of the data session and it will be stored in the CDR. </p>
        <p>Network identifiers, when stored in NCC database, CDRs, and logs are secured from
            unauthorized access by restricting access to only individuals with authorized access
            rights. The data is removed from the database when the user leaves the network. Logs and
            CDRs have a configurable duration. The data is not de-identified during storage and
            runtime. In addition, the files can be configured to have a specified retention period,
            after which files are deleted from the platform.In Redis DB and data files the CDR/EDR
            data is retained as long as the CDR and EDR files are being processed. Once the
            processing is completed and output is transferred to target system, the data is deleted. </p>
    </conbody>
</concept>
