<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="service_identifiers">
    <title>Account information</title>
    <conbody><p>Account information, including the User ID, User Name, etc., of an operator’s employee is
            collected and stored in the NCC <b>(Nokia Converged Charging</b>) database. This
            information is also stored in NCC-SS7 database and log file. The user ID is used to
            login into the NCC SM GUI. User Name corresponds to the user who logged into the NCC SM.
            The purpose is to identify the user or person against the user ID and it is stored in
            the SM database. NCC allows operators to login into NCC GUI using the user ID and user
            password created on the NCC SM (Service Manager).</p> <p>The account information (user ID and user password), when stored in the NCC SM database and SM
            logs, is secured from unauthorized access by restricting access to only individuals with
            authorized access rights. The data stored in logs have a configurable duration. In NCC
            database, and the User IDs can be created for a specified duration and smadmin has a
            right to delete the account information of any user as and when required. In NCC-SS7,
            the user ID and user password are stored in database for life of the account but can be
            removed as need by an admin user. The passwords stored in database and log file are in
            an encrypted format. In addition, the files are configured to have a specified retention
            period, after which they are deleted from the platform.</p></conbody>
</concept>
