<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="privacy_goals">
    <title>Privacy goals</title>
    <conbody>
        <table frame="all" rowsep="1" colsep="1" id="table_vxv_1tr_whb">
            <title>Privacy goals for Nokia products</title>
            <desc>Nokia applies privacy requirements related to the following privacy goals for
                Nokia products:</desc>
            <tgroup cols="2">
                <colspec colname="c1" colnum="1" colwidth="1*"/>
                <colspec colname="c2" colnum="2" colwidth="4.16*"/>
                <tbody>
                    <row>
                        <entry>Accountability</entry>
                        <entry>means having in place privacy compliance measures, as well as
                                monitoring and enforcing compliance to a set of industry accepted
                                privacy principles.
                        </entry>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry>Privacy by Design
                        </entry>
                        <entry>means privacy is a key consideration in the creation, delivery and
                                support of all Nokia products.
                        </entry>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry>Transparency</entry>
                        <entry>means privacy notices and information about our collection and use of
                                personal data are provided.
                        </entry>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry>Data minimization</entry>
                        <entry>means personal data collection, storage, and usage are limited to
                                data that is relevant, adequate, and absolutely necessary for
                                carrying out the purpose for which the data is processed.
                        </entry>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry>Unlinkability</entry>
                        <entry>means data shall not be linked across different domains and is
                                processed and analyzed only for the purpose for which they were
                                collected.
                        </entry>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry>Intervenability</entry>
                        <entry>means data subjects, as well as the controller or supervisory
                                authority have control over personal data.
                        </entry>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry>Confidentiality</entry>
                        <entry>means no person can access personal data without
                            authorization.</entry>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry>Integrity</entry>
                        <entry>means information technology processes and systems continuously
                                conform to their specifications for the execution of their intended
                                functions, and the data to be processed remains intact, complete,
                                and up to date.
                        </entry>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry>Availability</entry>
                        <entry>means personal data must be available and can be used properly in the
                                intended process.
                        </entry>
                    </row>
                </tbody>
            </tgroup>
        </table>
    </conbody>
</concept>
