<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="untitled1">
    <title><ph id="_Toc34824154">User identifiers</ph></title>
    <conbody>
        <p>User identifiers including name, last name, Mobile Station International Subscriber
            Directory Number (MSISDN), International Mobile Subscriber Identity (IMSI),
            International Mobile Station Equipment Identity (IMEI), location information/number,
            short code, translated number, e-mail, alternate phone number etc., of the subscriber
            are collected and stored in the NCC <b>(Nokia Converged Charging</b>) and NCC-SS7
            database. For NCC CDR EDR module, this information is stored in Redis DB and data files.
            These are also stored in log and CDR files for accountability and proper operation of
            the features and are processed only to render the intended features. At the time of
            buying a SIM, the subscriber provides this information for SIM registration. E-mail and
            alternate phone number are provisioned in the NCC system for the purpose to send e-mail
            notifications to the subscriber. The user identifiers MSISDN and IMSI are stored in CDR
            to identify the subscriber in NCC who is charged for making a mobile data session. The
            MSISDN is used to discover and locate sessions in the network. Diameter messages are
            forwarded based on the MSISDN. Group is an optional entity in NCC, which is used to
            group one or more devices. The devices have identifiers such as IMSI and E164. In NCC,
            Groups are used to provide the group plan or family plan so that the resources of a
            Group can be used by the Group members. The user identifiers for a Group is stored in
            CDR to identify which group ID is involved in the data session calls and to check that
            the correct volumes are deducted from the group resources.</p>
        <p> This information, when stored in NCC database, Redis DB, CDRs, and logs, are secured
            from unauthorized access by restricting access to only individuals with authorized
            access rights. The data is retained in the database as long as the subscriber is active
            and can be removed by operator when the subscriber is de-activated. Short code and
            translated number data are retained in the database as long as the mapping between short
            code and translated number is valid and can be removed by operator. Group related
            details are dumped in CDR only with certain DEBUG loggers and is for debugging and
            analysis of group related problems in the NCC code. The Group in logs and CDRs has a
            configurable duration. The data is not de-identified during storage and runtime. The
            MSISDN in logs and CDRs has a configurable duration. The data is not de-identified
            during storage and runtime. In addition, the log and CDR files can be configured to have
            a specified retention period, after which they are deleted from the platform. The data
            is retained in Redis DB and data files as long as the CDR and EDR files are being
            processed. Once the processing is completed and output is transferred to target system,
            the data is deleted. </p>
    </conbody>
</concept>
