<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE glossgroup PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Glossary Group//EN" "glossgroup.dtd">
<glossgroup id="a">
    <title>A</title>
    <glossentry id="glossentry_bcs_5gv_qlb">
        <glossterm>5G architecture</glossterm>
        <glossdef>The 5G architecture is defined as service-based and the interaction between
            network functions is represented using service-based interfaces for their interactions.
            The Service-based architecture uses network functions (for example: Session Management
            Function (SMF)) within the control plane to enable other authorized network functions to
            access their services.<!--testing--></glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="a1">
        <glossterm>AAA</glossterm>
        <glossdef>Authentication, Authorization, and Accounting is a server program that handles
            user requests for access to computer resources and for an enterprise.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="a2">
        <glossterm>AAR</glossterm>
        <glossdef>AA-Request provides session information to the PCRF for a new session.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="a3">
        <glossterm>AC</glossterm>
        <glossdef>Auto charge is a functionality to automatically recharge or renew a device or
            group when the user's subscription is about to expire or the subscription is about to
            get exhausted.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="a4">
        <glossterm>Active</glossterm>
        <glossdef>The status of a card when it is used by a subscriber.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="a5">
        <glossterm>ADC</glossterm>
        <glossdef>Application Detection and Control is a set of rules that specify Quality of
            Service (QoS) limits and application redirection information for services. It is also
            used for detecting and reporting subscriber’s traffic flow</glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="a6">
        <glossterm>Administrator</glossterm>
        <glossdef>An administrator creates or delete users, resets the password for other users, and
            contains full permissions over the entire system.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="glossentry_xbt_ygv_qlb">
        <glossterm>Aerospike</glossterm>
        <glossdef>Aerospike is an enterprise-grade, internet scale database for real-time, mission
            critical applications and analysis. Enterprise features include Cross Datacenter
            Replication™ (XDR), Fast Restart, Rapid Rebalance, and Security.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="glossentry_fl3_chv_qlb">
        <glossterm>Aerospike data migration</glossterm>
        <glossdef>When an Aerospike database node is removed from a cluster, its data migrates
            between the remaining Aerospike database nodes (and vice versa when a node recovers and
            is added to the cluster).</glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="a7">
        <glossterm>AF</glossterm>
        <glossdef>Application Function</glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="a8">
        <glossterm>Agent</glossterm>
        <glossdef>An agent sells recharge cards on behalf of the level 0 distributor, for instance,
            a retail outlet which is not associated with the distributor.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="a9">
        <glossterm>Alarm</glossterm>
        <glossdef>A warning or error message generated by the Alarm service in response to some
            events in OSP. If a service user is subscribed for an alarm in the alarm service, then
            the alarm is displayed to the subscriber in real-time.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="a10">
        <glossterm>ALTLMT</glossterm>
        <glossdef>Alert for monthly Limit being reached.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="a11">
        <glossterm>ANI AVP</glossterm>
        <glossdef>The Access Network Information AVP which indicates the SIP P-header
            value.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="a12">
        <glossterm>Announcement</glossterm>
        <glossdef>Call notification played to the subscriber either through SMS or USSD.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="a13">
        <glossterm>API</glossterm>
        <glossdef>Application Programming Interface is an interface that allows two software
            programs to communicate with each other.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="a14">
        <glossterm>APN </glossterm>
        <glossdef>Access Point Name represents either a complete APN or a subset of the APN (leading
            characters).</glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="a15">
        <glossterm>ART</glossterm>
        <glossdef>Automatic Recharge Threshold is the minimum amount of balance that is defined
            after which an automatic recharge is triggered.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="a16">
        <glossterm>A.R.T</glossterm>
        <glossdef>Agile Rules Technology are a set of techniques that accelerate and enhance product
            development process.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="a17">
        <glossterm>ASA </glossterm>
        <glossdef>Add Subscription Action generates a Success Event or a Failure Event to the
            lifecycle of the account or the subscription that initiated this action.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="a18">
        <glossterm>ASCII</glossterm>
        <glossdef>American Standard Code for Information Interchange is a common format for text
            files in the computer system and the Internet.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="a19">
        <glossterm>ASN </glossterm>
        <glossdef>Abstract Syntax Notation is a standard interface description language to describe
            the data structure of a message that is sent or received in a network.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="a20">
        <glossterm>AV</glossterm>
        <glossdef>Aggregate View provides a consolidated view of various measurements of bucket and
            counters.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="a21">
        <glossterm>AVP</glossterm>
        <glossdef>Attribute Value Pair is a method of data representation in computing systems and
            applications. It is an open-ended data structure that enables future extension without
            modifying existing code or data. Except in such situations, all or part of the data
            model is expressed as a collection of AVPs. </glossdef>
    </glossentry>
</glossgroup>
