<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE glossgroup PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Glossary Group//EN" "glossgroup.dtd">
<glossgroup id="b">
    <title>B</title>
    <glossentry id="b1">
        <glossterm>BAL</glossterm>
        
        <glossdef>The Balance Adjustment Limit table defines a limit for balance adjustments of the bucket after calculating the used quantities reported in Used Service Unit (USU).</glossdef>
        
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="b2">
        <glossterm>BBERF</glossterm>
        
        <glossdef>Bearer Binding and Event Reporting Function</glossdef>
        
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="b3">
        <glossterm>BCR</glossterm>
        
        <glossdef>The Billing Cycle Reset table defines the basic criteria for an object that is applicable to a call. An object refers to a counter, discount, and a bundle, which contains the criteria. </glossdef>
        
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="b4">
        <glossterm>Blacklist</glossterm>
        
        <glossdef>List of disallowed numbers. Calls from numbers on this list are not passed through to the subscriber.</glossdef>
        
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="b5">
        <glossterm>BOU </glossterm>
        
        <glossdef>Bundle on use are the hardware or software products that are used or sold together as a package.</glossdef>
        
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="b6">
        <glossterm>Bundles</glossterm>
        
        <glossdef>A bundle which is activated on usage for an applicable traffic type. For example, a daily data bundle is activated by the first data session initiated by the subscriber.</glossdef>
        
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="b7">
        <glossterm>Bucket</glossterm>
        
        <glossdef>Buckets are unit repositories containing time, volume, and items. It is applied on
            per subscriber basis by the NCC system. For example, Bucket of 100 SMS in the network,
            bucket of 30 minutes for outgoing international calls and so on.</glossdef>
        
    </glossentry>
</glossgroup>
