<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE glossgroup PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Glossary Group//EN" "glossgroup.dtd">
<glossgroup id="c">
    <title>C</title>
    <glossentry id="glossentry_kx5_3hv_qlb">
        <glossterm>Call controller</glossterm>
        <glossdef>The call controller encodes and decodes the Diameter Credit-Control-Request (CCR)
            or Credit-Control-Answer (CCA) messages.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="c1">
        <glossterm>Cap</glossterm>
        
        <glossdef>Cap is the highest limit assigned to the device by the top-level group on its hierarchy resources.</glossdef>
        
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="c2">
        <glossterm>CCA</glossterm>
        
        <glossdef>Credit Control Answer is the message that is exchanged between various network elements.</glossdef>
        
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="c3">
        <glossterm>CCFH AVP</glossterm>
        
        <glossdef>Credit Control Failure Handling Attribute Value Pair deglosstermines the behavior of the credit control client is a failure scenario.</glossdef>
        
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="c4">
        <glossterm>CCR</glossterm>
        
        <glossdef>Credit Control Request table defines the various counter attributes that are unique for a counter and are not dependent on other elements.</glossdef>
        
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="c5">
        <glossterm>CCR-I</glossterm>
        
        <glossdef>CCR initial request is initiated for an idle transaction in the network.</glossdef>
        
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="c6">
        <glossterm>CCR-U</glossterm>
        
        <glossdef>Credit Control Update Request is initiated for active transactions in a network.</glossdef>
        
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="c7">
        <glossterm>CD</glossterm>
        
        <glossdef>The Counter Definition table defines the counter attributes that are unique for one counter and is regardless of other elements, for instance, data transfer type index.</glossdef>
        
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="c8">
        <glossterm>CDR</glossterm>
        
        <glossdef>Charging Data Record is an organized collection of information about the chargeable telecommunication events.</glossdef>
        
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="glossentry_yxd_rhv_qlb">
        <glossterm>Charging and rating engine</glossterm>
        <glossdef>The Charging and rating engine is responsible for selecting a charging service
            (from the set of defined charging services in the system) and to rate and charge the
            call according to the definition of the selected charging service.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="glossentry_nph_5hv_qlb">
        <glossterm>Charging Data Record (CDR)</glossterm>
        <glossdef>ME produces charging data records (CDRs) to record the details of all
            transactions. NCC CNF leverages microservices from Nokia Data Refinery (DR) to provide
            the NCC CDR handling and mediation features, creating CDR files that can be retrieved by
            external systems using SFTP.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="c10">
        <glossterm>CHF</glossterm>
        
        <glossdef>The charging function as defined by the 3GPP specifications.</glossdef>
        
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="c11">
        <glossterm>CI</glossterm>
        
        <glossdef>Cost Information is an important element to manage cost across several activities that are involved in cost engineering.</glossdef>
        
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="c12">
        <glossterm>Class of Service</glossterm>
        
        <glossdef>Class of Service is a method of prioritizing traffic in a network. It is either defined in the custom data dictionary or its value is picked from the device context.</glossdef>
        
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="glossentry_gjj_zhv_qlb">
        <glossterm>Cluster</glossterm>
        <glossdef>A Kubernetes cluster is a set of nodes for running containerized applications. At
            a minimum, a cluster contains a worker node and a master node. The master node is
            responsible for maintaining the desired state of the cluster, such as which applications
            are running and which container images they use. Worker nodes actually run the
            applications and workloads. A cluster has the ability to schedule and run containers
            across a group of machines. Kubernetes containers are not tied to individual machines.
            Rather, they are abstracted across the cluster.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="glossentry_gf2_23v_qlb">
        <glossterm>CNF</glossterm>
        <glossdef>The Containerized Network Function (CNF) is a virtual network function built and
            deployed with cloud native technologies.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="c13">
        <glossterm>CoA</glossterm>
        
        <glossdef>Change of Authorization provides a architecture to change the attributes of an authentication, authorization and accounting (AAA) session after it is authenticated</glossdef>
        
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="glossentry_lrc_g3v_qlb">
        <glossterm>Container</glossterm>
        <glossdef>Containers are a logical packaging mechanism in which applications are abstracted
            from the environment in which they run. Containers are more lightweight than VMs: they
            share the OS kernel, start much faster, and use a fraction of the memory compared to
            booting an entire OS.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="c14">
        <glossterm>Counters</glossterm>
        
        <glossdef>Counters are the non-negative integers the value for which increases until they reach the maximum amount and then roll over to zero.</glossdef>
        
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="c15">
        <glossterm>CS</glossterm>
        
        <glossdef>Circuit switching is a methodology of implementing a telecommunications network in which two network nodes establish a dedicated communication channel (circuit) through the network before the nodes communicate.</glossdef>
        
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="c16">
        <glossterm>CSAR</glossterm>
        
        <glossdef>The CSAR is a compressed file package defined by OASIS TOSCA standard that includes a TOSCA template of a Network Service, and all the scripts or files that a VNF needs for the lifecycle time from creation to termination.</glossdef>
        
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="c17">
        <glossterm>CTF  </glossterm>
        
        <glossdef>Charging Trigger Function is a network node that generates charging events based on network resource consumption by a subscriber.</glossdef>
        
        </glossentry>
</glossgroup>
