<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE glossgroup PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Glossary Group//EN" "glossgroup.dtd">
<glossgroup id="d">
    <title>D</title>
    <glossentry id="d1">
        <glossterm>DA</glossterm>
        
        <glossdef>Directory Assistance is a technology that supports automation to reduce cost of manual operation.</glossdef>
        
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="glossentry_fyp_l3v_qlb">
        <glossterm>Data Refinery Node Manager</glossterm>
        <glossdef>Data Refinery (DR) Node Manager uses the Redis database for the DB functionality
            needed for online CDR processing.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="d2">
        <glossterm>DB</glossterm>
        
        <glossdef>Data base, which is made up of Aerospike databases in NCC.</glossdef>
        
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="d3">
        <glossterm>DCCA</glossterm>
        
        <glossdef>Diameter Credit Control Application is a networking protocol for Diameter application used for real-time credit-control service.</glossdef>
        
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="d4">
        <glossterm>Discounts</glossterm>
        
        <glossdef>Discounts are promotions offered to subscribers. A discount is offered on a call based on any criteria that is defined in a rule. The discount is a percentage or a special rate.</glossdef>
        
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="d5">
        <glossterm>DIAMETER</glossterm>
        
        <glossdef>Diameter is an authentication, authorization, and accounting protocol for computer networks, and an alternative to RADIUS.</glossdef>
        
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="d6">
        <glossterm>Differential Charging</glossterm>
        
        <glossdef>Differential charging is a model in which the same service is provided to various subscribers at different price.</glossdef>
        
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="glossentry_cny_wkv_qlb">
        <glossterm>Docker</glossterm>
        <glossdef>Docker is the container runtime used in NCC CNF. It is an open-source project for
            automating the deployment of applications as portable, self-sufficient containers that
            can run in cloud-native environments.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="d7">
        <glossterm>DPI</glossterm>
        
        <glossdef>Deep Packet Inspection intimates PCRF about traffic detection.</glossdef>
        
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="d8">
        <glossterm>DRA</glossterm>
        
        <glossdef>Diameter Routing Agent provides a real-time routing capability to route the messages to the specific elements in a network.</glossdef>
        
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="d9">
        <glossterm>DSC</glossterm>
        
        <glossdef>Diameter Signaling Controller is a highly reliable and secure carrier grade solution to solve network issues.</glossdef>
        
    </glossentry>
</glossgroup>
