<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE glossgroup PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Glossary Group//EN" "glossgroup.dtd">
<glossgroup id="g">
    <title>G</title>
    <glossentry id="g2">
        <glossterm>GBR </glossterm>
        <glossdef>Guaranteed Bit Rate is used as a parameter for GBR type bearer, and indicates the
            bandwidth (bit rate) to be guaranteed by the LTE network.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="g1">
        <glossterm>GGSN </glossterm>
        
        <glossdef>Gateway GPRS Serving Node is an important component of the GPRS network.</glossdef>
        
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="g3">
        <glossterm>GMT</glossterm>
        
        <glossdef>The Greenwich Mean Time is a reference point for time zones around the world.</glossdef>
        
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="g4">
        <glossterm>GPRS</glossterm>
        
        <glossdef>General Packet Radio Service is a packet oriented mobile data service on the 2G and 3G cellular Global System for Mobile communications (GSM).</glossdef>
        
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="g5">
        <glossterm>Graceful</glossterm>
        
        <glossdef>Number of days or period during which a feature is used after its expiry.</glossdef>
        
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="glossentry_sfd_cpv_qlb">
        <glossterm>Grafana</glossterm>
        <glossdef>Grafana is an open-source platform for data visualization, monitoring and
            analysis.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="g6">
        <glossterm>GSU </glossterm>
        
        <glossdef>Granted Service Unit is the number of granted units to a given service or rating group.</glossdef>
        
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="g7">
        <glossterm>GUI </glossterm>
        
        <glossdef>Graphical User Interface is the graphical interface of a computer that allow users to click and drag objects with a mouse instead of using command line.</glossdef>
        
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="g8">
        <glossterm>Gy Interface</glossterm>
        
        <glossdef>It is an interface between OCS and Gateway GPRS support node. OCS provides support to the Gy interface when it interacts with Policy and Charging Enforcement Function (PCEF).</glossdef>
        
    </glossentry>
</glossgroup>
