<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE glossgroup PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Glossary Group//EN" "glossgroup.dtd">
<glossgroup id="h">
    <title>H</title>
    <glossentry id="h1">
        <glossterm>HB</glossterm>
        
        <glossdef>The heartbeat (HB) is part of the decision making process that allows the NCC to
            know if a site that may be protecting another site is in-service (IS) or out-of-service.
            Heartbeat communicates the state returned by Monitoring between sites. It only computes
            the status of another NCC if that site cannot be reached by heartbeat. It then uses the
            state used by other members it can see to deglosstermine that state. Heartbeat itself
            does not deglosstermine when an application takes over for the other site, it just
            provides the applications with the state of the other site. It is up to the application
            to decide what to do based on the state. </glossdef>
        
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="glossentry_wxv_fpv_qlb">
        <glossterm>Helm charts</glossterm>
        <glossdef><b>Helm</b> uses a packaging format called <b>charts</b>. A <b>chart</b> is a
            collection of files that describe a related set of <b>Kubernetes</b> resources. A single
                <b>chart</b> might be used to deploy something simple, like a memcached pod, or
            something complex, like a full web app stack with HTTP servers, databases, caches, and
            so on.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="h2">
        <glossterm>HLAPI</glossterm>
        
        <glossdef>High Level API microservice on the NCC SM. Mediates a high-level custom interface,
            often task based, into standard SM REST APIs.</glossdef>
        
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="glossentry_dqq_4pv_qlb">
        <glossterm>HPA</glossterm>
        <glossdef>Horizontal Pod Autoscaler (HPA) monitors workload and utilization of resources in
            a cluster, and based on the current need as well as specified utilization metrics and
            thresholds, dynamically adjusts the number of containers of a particular
            type.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="h3">
        <glossterm>HPLMN</glossterm>
        
        <glossdef>Home Public Land Mobile Network identifies the Public Land Mobile Network (PLMN) in which the profile of the subscriber is stored. Users roaming to other networks receives subscription information from the HPLMN.</glossdef>
        
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="h4">
        <glossterm>HSS</glossterm>
        
        <glossdef>Home Subscriber Service is the interconnection between the HLR (Home Location Register) and the AuC (Authentication Center) which are the two functions already present in pre-IMS 2G/GSM and 3G/UMTS networks.</glossdef>
        
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="h5">
        <glossterm>HTTP</glossterm>
        
        <glossdef>Hyper Text Transfer Protocol is a communication protocol used for data transfer in Intranet and in the World Wide Web.</glossdef>
        
    </glossentry>
</glossgroup>
