<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE glossgroup PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Glossary Group//EN" "glossgroup.dtd">
<glossgroup id="i">
    <title>I</title>
    <glossentry id="i1">
        <glossterm>I/O </glossterm>
        
        <glossdef>Input/Output is a handler to handle the incoming and outgoing traffic.</glossdef>
        
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="i2">
        <glossterm>IEC  </glossterm>
        
        <glossdef>Immediate Event Charging is used for direct debit service. In IEC, a single transaction is used where a defined amount is reduced from the subscriber account by the OCF after completing the credit authorization.</glossdef>
        
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="i3">
        <glossterm>IETF</glossterm>
        
        <glossdef>The Internet Engineering Task Force develops and promotes Internet standards and deals with standards of the Internet protocol suite. It is an organization for open standards with no formal membership requirement.</glossdef>
        
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="glossentry_aj1_rpv_qlb">
        <glossterm>IG</glossterm>
        <glossdef>An NCC CNF that includes both the SM and ME functions, integrated into a single
            CNF.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="i4">
        <glossterm>IMEISV</glossterm>
        
        <glossdef>International Mobile Equipment Id and its Software Version is an unique identifier for mobile phones and various software versions.</glossdef>
        
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="i5">
        <glossterm>IMOM  </glossterm>
        
        <glossdef>Input Message Output Message.</glossdef>
        
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="i6">
        <glossterm>IMS </glossterm>
        
        <glossdef>IP Multimedia Subsystem is an architectural framework to deliver IP multimedia services to end users.</glossdef>
        
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="i7">
        <glossterm>IMSI</glossterm>
        
        <glossdef>International Mobile Subscriber Identity is a unique number to identify the Global System for Mobile Communication (GSM) subscriber.</glossdef>
        
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="glossentry_xc2_tpv_qlb">
        <glossterm>Ingress controller</glossterm>
        <glossdef>The ingress controller manages Ingress, which exposes HTTP and HTTPS routes from
            outside the cluster to services within the cluster.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="i8">
        <glossterm>In Group</glossterm>
        
        <glossdef>If the calling party and called party are part of the same closed user group, then the call is an In-Group call and the calling charge is defined accordingly.</glossdef>
        
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="i9">
        <glossterm>IOH</glossterm>
        
        <glossdef>Input/Output Handler for Diameter. Handles the ingress/egress traffic for 4G
            Diameter messages.</glossdef>
        
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="i10">
        <glossterm>IP</glossterm>
        
        <glossdef>Internet Protocol is a layer three protocol that enables two devices to communicate by sending or receiving data packets and allows selection of the best network path.</glossdef>
        
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="i11">
        <glossterm>IP-CAN</glossterm>
        
        <glossdef>IP Connectivity Access Network is an interface that provides IP communication between end points.</glossdef>
        
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="glossentry_srz_qvj_wlb">
        <glossterm>IS</glossterm>
        <glossdef>In Service</glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="glossentry_kqj_1qv_qlb">
        <glossterm>Istio</glossterm>
        <glossdef>Istio is an <b>open source service mesh</b> designed to make it easier to connect,
            manage and secure traffic between, and obtain telemetry about microservices running in
            containers.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="i12">
        <glossterm>IVR</glossterm>
        
        <glossdef>Interactive Voice Response is a technology that enables a computer to interact with humans through the use of voice and DTMF tones input through keypad. IVR enables customers to interact with the host system of an organization through a telephone keypad or by speech recognition, after which they can resolve their own queries by following the IVR dialogue. IVR systems can respond with prerecorded or dynamically generated audio to direct users.</glossdef>
        
    </glossentry>
    
</glossgroup>
