<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE glossgroup PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Glossary Group//EN" "glossgroup.dtd">
<glossgroup id="l">
    <title>L</title>
    <glossentry id="l1">
        <glossterm>LAC</glossterm>
        
        <glossdef>Location Area Code is the served area of a cellular radio network that is divided into different location areas.</glossdef>
        
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="glossentry_qyk_4qg_ckb">
        <glossterm>LCM</glossterm>
        <glossdef>
            <p>Lifecycle Management (LCM) operations are run as Mistral workflows and are defined in
                workflow templates. The typical LCM workflows (instantiate, scale, terminate) are
                provided as part of CBAM (in the Mistral workflow library) and can be used "as is"
                by the VNF Providers. Hence in many cases, there is no Mistral workflow template in
                the VNF template package. These prewritten workflows are extendable with custom
                configuration actions (Ansible playbooks) and data processing scripts (JavaScript
                for advanced parameter processing). For providing additional advanced life-cycle
                operations or for providing alternative VNF specific implementations, custom
                workflows can be added, which may use CBAM's extensive Mistral action library.
                Mistral workflows are described in YAML files according to the official OpenStack
                Mistral project provided schema. Ansible playbooks can be used in the LCM workflows
                for VNF configuration and commissioning tasks. Ansible playbooks are YAML files,
                according to the official Ansible schemas.</p>
            <p>The VNFD extensions define the lifecycle management (LCM) operations of the VNF by
                referring to the necessary template artifacts, such as Heat templates, Mistral
                workflow templates, Ansible playbooks and customization scripts (JavaScript).</p>
            <p>Lifecycle management (LCM) workflows typically:</p>
            <ul id="ul_psn_rsg_ckb">
                <li>process input parameters</li>
                <li>send 'start lifecycle change' notification to the NFVO and other interested
                    parties</li>
                <li>request grant from the NFVO with additional VIM specific parameters</li>
                <li>receive grant from the NFVO with additional VIM specific parameter values</li>
                <li>manipulate the Heat stack perform initial configuration/commissioning of the VNF
                    register or update the VNF-related information in EMS</li>
                <li>send 'result lifecycle change' notifications to the NFVO and other interested
                    parties</li>
            </ul>
        </glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="l2">
        <glossterm>LDAP</glossterm>
        
        <glossdef>Light Directory Access Protocol is an application protocol to access and maintain distributed directory information services over an Internet Protocol (IP) network.</glossdef>
        
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="l3">
        <glossterm>LDAP concentrator</glossterm>
        
        <glossdef>Light Directory Access Protocol concentrator resides on the HTTP I/O to aggregate requests from the Application blades (RPC to external LDAP operations). It allows you to query the External SPR Server for Subscriber-related data and update the Subscriber Record in the External SPR Server.</glossdef>
        
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="l4">
        <glossterm>LTE</glossterm>
        
        <glossdef>The Long glossterm Evolution is a fourth generation broadband wireless technology for networks that provide features such as, high spectral efficiency, high peak data rates, short round trip time, and frequent flexibility. </glossdef>
        
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="l5">
        <glossterm>LTM</glossterm>
        
        <glossdef>The Lock and Transaction Manager. </glossdef>
        
    </glossentry>
</glossgroup>
