<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE glossgroup PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Glossary Group//EN" "glossgroup.dtd">
<glossgroup id="m">
    <title>M</title>
    <glossentry id="glossentry_t4s_1rv_qlb">
        <glossterm>Managed Element</glossterm>
        <glossdef>The Managed Element CNF provides the charging function in NCC. ME includes the
            charging application and the database for managing all subscriber and device records,
            including the dynamic data updated as a result of charging transactions. ME produces
            charging data records (CDRs) to record the details of all transactions.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="glossentry_clz_drv_qlb">
        <glossterm>MariaDB</glossterm>
        <glossdef><b>MariaDB</b> is an open source database that supports continuity and open
            collaboration. Keycloak Web SSO data is stored in MariaDB. This includes SM user
            authentication details comprised of usernames and encrypted passwords. The MariaDB
            component with MaxScale provides tools and support for installing and managing MariaDB
            server database instances.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="m1">
        <glossterm>MCC</glossterm>
        
        <glossdef>A Mobile Network Code (MNC) is used in combination with a Mobile Country Code (MCC), also known as a MCC or MNC tuple, to uniquely identify a mobile phone operator or carrier.</glossdef>
        
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="m2">
        <glossterm>MCCMNC</glossterm>
        
        <glossdef>Mobile Country Code and Mobile Network Code</glossdef>
        
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="m3">
        <glossterm>MDN</glossterm>
        
        <glossdef>Mobile Directory Number is a specific phone number that is dialled to reach a mobile phone.</glossdef>
        
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="m4">
        <glossterm>ME</glossterm>
        
        <glossdef>Managed Elements are the individual manageable and logical elements that perform payment, policy, and charging related functions for operators.</glossdef>
        
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="glossentry_i5g_mrv_qlb">
        <glossterm>Memcached</glossterm>
        <glossdef>Memcached is an open source distributed memory caching system. It is used for
            speeding up dynamic web applications by reducing database load.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="glossentry_zqz_4rv_qlb">
        <glossterm>Microservice</glossterm>
        <glossdef>Microservice architecture is a term used to describe the practice of breaking up
            an application into a series of smaller, more specialized parts, each of which
            communicate with one another across common interfaces such as APIs and REST interfaces
            like HTTP. A microservice may be provided by a collection of pods working together to
            provide a service.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="m5">
        <glossterm>MIN</glossterm>
        
        <glossdef>Mobile Identification Number is a unique 10 digit number used by a wireless carrier to identify a mobile phone.</glossdef>
        
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="m6">
        <glossterm>MMS</glossterm>
        
        <glossdef>Multimedia Messaging Service is a standard way to send messages that include multimedia content to and from mobile phones.</glossdef>
        
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="m7">
        <glossterm>MMSC </glossterm>
        
        <glossdef>Multimedia Messaging Service is a method to send and receive message that include multimedia message.</glossdef>
        
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="m8">
        <glossterm>MNC</glossterm>
        
        <glossdef>Mobile Network Code is used to identify the country to which the subscriber belongs.</glossdef>
        
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="m9">
        <glossterm>MNO</glossterm>
        
        <glossdef>Mobile Network Operator is the service provider who provides wireless voice and data communication to its subscribers.</glossdef>
        
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="m10">
        <glossterm>MNP</glossterm>
        
        <glossdef>Mobile Number Portability enables mobile telephone users to retain their existing mobile telephone numbers while changing from the current mobile network operator to a new operator.</glossdef>
        
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="m11">
        <glossterm>MO</glossterm>
        
        <glossdef>Mobile Originated refers to a message sent by the subscriber from a mobile handset.</glossdef>
        
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="m12">
        <glossterm>MOC </glossterm>
        
        <glossdef>A call originating from a mobile device in the GSM network which is routed through the core network to the destination party.</glossdef>
        
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="m13">
        <glossterm>Monitoring </glossterm>
        
        <glossdef>Recognizes systems not working at rated performance, or not working at all. The
            NCC monitors numerous parameters in a network along with the health and integrity of the
            servers. The system health is a resultant value derived from the health of constituent
            components. The NCC monitors the components of an ME and SM using a heartbeat, which
            allows a site to communicate status about their own connectivity and state, as well as
            their view of the other known NCC sites. All system components register themselves with
            Monitoring. All vital services in a site must be present with a status of UP before
            Diameter traffic can start in the system. This applies to system starts and restarts. If
            the system components are not ready on the initial start up, the system will not start
            and you will get a time out message. Ensure the services are all UP. If you are
            restarting the system, you can use the sps-status tool to verify service status and take
            the necessary actions to ensure services are all UP.</glossdef>
        
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="m14">
        <glossterm>MRF </glossterm>
        
        <glossdef>Media Resource Function provides media related functions, such as, playing of tones and announcements.</glossdef>
        
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="m15">
        <glossterm>MSCC </glossterm>
        
        <glossdef>The Multiple Services Credit Control (MSCC) AVP is used for granting and reporting quota for each bucket (rating-group).</glossdef>
        
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="m16">
        <glossterm>MSISDN</glossterm>
        
        <glossdef>Mobile Station International Subscriber Directory Number is a unique number defined by the E.164 numbering plan which identifies a mobile phone number internationally.</glossdef>
        
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="m17">
        <glossterm>MT </glossterm>
        
        <glossdef>Mobile terminated offers functions such as radio transmission and hand over, speech encoding and decoding, error detection and correction, or signalling and access to the SIM.</glossdef>
        
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="m18">
        <glossterm>MTC </glossterm>
        
        <glossdef>The Mobile terminated Call is when the subscriber receives a call.</glossdef>
        
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="m19">
        <glossterm>MT-SMS</glossterm>
        
        <glossdef>Mobile terminated SMS message is a capability for a mobile phone or other device to receive standard short text messages.</glossdef>
        
    </glossentry>
</glossgroup>
