<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE glossgroup PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Glossary Group//EN" "glossgroup.dtd">
<glossgroup id="o">
    <title>O</title>
    <glossentry id="o1">
        <glossterm>OCF  </glossterm>
        
        <glossdef>Online Charging Function is an integral part of the Online Charging System (OCS) architecture. It forms the framework for the service provider to charge the subscriber based on various parameters.</glossdef>
        
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="o2">
        <glossterm>OCS</glossterm>
        
        <glossdef>Online Charging System is a system allowing a communications service provider to charge their customers based on the service usage in real time.</glossdef>
        
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="o3">
        <glossterm>Offline Charging </glossterm>
        
        <glossdef>Offline charging is a charging mechanism where charging information does not affect the service that is rendered.</glossdef>
        
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="o4">
        <glossterm>Off-Net</glossterm>
        
        <glossdef>Off-Net is a call or a message type that originates or terminates on a different network.</glossdef>
        
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="o5">
        <glossterm>OLI</glossterm>
        
        <glossdef>Overage Limit indicates the range of overage allowance.</glossdef>
        
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="o6">
        <glossterm>On-Net</glossterm>
        
        <glossdef>On-Net is a call or message type that originates and terminates on the same network in which the subscriber is registered.</glossdef>
        
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="o7">
        <glossterm>One-NDS</glossterm>
        
        <glossdef>One-NDS (Network Directory Server) is a crucial element in Subscriber Data Management (SDM) solution. It is a network that is built for 2G, 3G, and LTE network.</glossdef>
        
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="o8">
        <glossterm>Online Charging</glossterm>
        
        <glossdef>Online charging is a charging mechanism where charging information can affect the service rendered in real time, and a direct interaction of the charging mechanism with the service rendered is required.</glossdef>
        
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="o9">
        <glossterm>Out-Group Call</glossterm>
        
        <glossdef>If the calling party and the called party are not part of the same Closed User Group (CUG) then the call is an out group call and the price is defined accordingly.</glossdef>
        
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="glossentry_fhg_5vj_wlb">
        <glossterm>OOS</glossterm>
        <glossdef>Out Of Service</glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="glossentry_okm_vvj_wlb">
        <glossterm>OOS-CSD</glossterm>
        <glossdef>Out Of Service-Critical Service Down means that the system is not healthy to be in
            service.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="glossentry_vsh_zvj_wlb">
        <glossterm>OOS-DRR</glossterm>
        <glossdef>Out Of Service-Disaster Recovery Required means that the system needs a complete
            copy of its Aerospike data from other systems.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="glossentry_jsl_dwj_wlb">
        <glossterm>OOS-Manual</glossterm>
        <glossdef>Out Of Service-Manual means a person used a tool to manually force the system OOS.
            It's also called as MANOOS or MOOS.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="glossentry_ggs_gwj_wlb">
        <glossterm>OOS-WFR</glossterm>
        <glossdef>Out Of Service-Waiting for Resync means that the system is trying to go In Service
            but is waiting for XDR to catch up so that its data is current.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="o10">
        <glossterm>OSI</glossterm>
        
        <glossdef>Origin-State-ID</glossdef>
        
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="o11">
        <glossterm>OSS</glossterm>
        
        <glossdef>Operations Support System is a method that enables the service providers to manage their network.</glossdef>
        
    </glossentry>
</glossgroup>
