<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE glossgroup PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Glossary Group//EN" "glossgroup.dtd">
<glossgroup id="p">
    <title>P</title>
    <glossentry id="p1">
        <glossterm>Packet</glossterm>
        
        <glossdef>A piece of a message transmitted over a packet-switching network. One of the key features of a packet is that it contains the destination address in addition to the data.</glossdef>
        
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="p2">
        <glossterm>PC </glossterm>
        
        <glossdef>Policy Counter identifier identifies the policy counter of the subscriber that is stored in the OCS.</glossdef>
        
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="p3">
        <glossterm>PCC</glossterm>
        
        <glossdef>Policy and Charging Control is a component of LTE network that enhances the capabilities from earlier 3GPP releases to deliver dynamic control of policy and charging on a per subscriber and per IP flow basis.</glossdef>
        
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="p4">
        <glossterm>PCEF </glossterm>
        
        <glossdef>Policy Charging Enforcement Function is a functional element that comprises of policy enforcement and flow based charging functions.</glossdef>
        
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="glossentry_mxp_4sv_qlb">
        <glossterm>PCF charging</glossterm>
        <glossdef><b>The policy control function (PCF) </b>is a <b>function</b> in the core network
            used to <b>control</b> the usage of packet-switched services, that is to ensure that the
            user does not use more bandwidth than allowed or that the user only is accessing
            ‘approved’ services or web sites.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="p5">
        <glossterm>PCRF</glossterm>
        
        <glossdef>The Policy and Charging Rules Function software node deglosstermines the policy rules in a multimedia network.</glossdef>
        
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="p6">
        <glossterm>PDP </glossterm>
        
        <glossdef>Packet Data Protocol is a packet transfer protocol that is used in wireless network.</glossdef>
        
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="p7">
        <glossterm>PDU </glossterm>
        
        <glossdef>A Protocol Data Unit comprises of data and control information which is passed between layers in a protocol stack.</glossdef>
        
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="p8">
        <glossterm>PGW</glossterm>
        
        <glossdef>Packet Data Gateway is the interface between LTE network and various other packet data network.</glossdef>
        
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="p9">
        <glossterm>PLMN</glossterm>
        
        <glossdef>Public Land Mobile Network is a regulatory glossterm in telecommunications which is a network that is established and operated by an administrating organization or by a Recognized Operating Agency (ROA) for providing land mobile telecommunications services to the public.</glossdef>
        
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="glossentry_rjx_rsv_qlb">
        <glossterm>Pod</glossterm>
        <glossdef>A Pod is the basic execution unit of a Kubernetes application, the smallest and
            simplest unit in the Kubernetes object model that is created and deployed. A Pod
            encapsulates an application’s container, storage resources, a unique network IP, and
            options that govern how the container should run. In NCC CNF, each pod includes a single
            container, and Docker is the container runtime used.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="p10">
        <glossterm>Postpaid</glossterm>
        
        <glossdef>Postpaid accounts is an account which does not require a credit balance.</glossdef>
        
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="p11">
        <glossterm>Policy</glossterm>
        
        <glossdef>In a policy based network, policy is defined as a set of guidelines that define the logic of security environment and resource allocation in a network.</glossdef>
        
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="p12">
        <glossterm>Policy-Counter-Status-Report</glossterm>
        
        <glossdef>Policy Counter Status Report is used by the OCS to know the status of various policy counters.</glossdef>
        
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="p13">
        <glossterm>PostBC</glossterm>
        
        <glossdef>Post billing cycle value is the actual value of the bucket and counter after the reset or renewal of a subscription.</glossdef>
        
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="p15">
        <glossterm>PreBC value</glossterm>
        
        <glossdef>Previous billing cycle value is the value of the bucket and counters before the reset or renewal time.</glossdef>
        
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="p16">
        <glossterm>Prepaid</glossterm>
        
        <glossdef>Prepaid account is an account that requires certain amount of credit value loaded in the card, in advance.</glossdef>
        
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="glossentry_xlx_vsv_qlb">
        <glossterm>Prometheus</glossterm>
        <glossdef>Prometheus is an open source <b>monitoring system</b> that stores its data in a
            time series database which manages metrics and associated alerts.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="p17">
        <glossterm>Protocol</glossterm>
        
        <glossdef>A set of rules for interaction between two or more entities or Network Elements (NEs).</glossdef>
        
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="p14">
        <glossterm>PPC</glossterm>
        <glossdef>Pre-Paid Card has credit value loaded in the card in advance.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>
</glossgroup>
