<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE glossgroup PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Glossary Group//EN" "glossgroup.dtd">
<glossgroup id="r">
    <title>R</title>
    <glossentry id="r1">
        <glossterm>RAA</glossterm>
        
        <glossdef>Re-Authorization Answer is a message that is sent in response to the Re-Auth Request (RAR) command.</glossdef>
        
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="r2">
        <glossterm>RADIUS</glossterm>
        
        <glossdef>Remote Authentication Dial-In User Service is a widely deployed system to provide authentication, authorization, and accounting for network access.</glossdef>
        
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="r4">
        <glossterm>RAR</glossterm>
        <glossdef>Re-Auth Request command is sent to provision the Policy and Charging Control
            rules.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="r5">
        <glossterm>RAT </glossterm>
        <glossdef>Radio Access Technology is a connection method for radio based
            communication.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="glossentry_cgc_zsv_qlb">
        <glossterm>Redis DB</glossterm>
        <glossdef>Redis is an open source, in-memory and key/value <b>NoSQL database</b>and is used
            to store data refinery data for CDRs and Assume Positive feature.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="r6">
        <glossterm>Real-Time Charging</glossterm>
        
        <glossdef>Real-time charging is a method of call accounting procedure that enables Communication Service Providers (CSPs) to apply rules that are specific to the customer for rating, discount, promotions, and settlements to improve and personalize the telecom experience.</glossdef>
        
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="r3">
        <glossterm>REST</glossterm>
        <glossdef>Representational State Transfer (REST) is a software architectural style that
            defines a set of constraints to be used for creating Web services over HTTP.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="glossentry_wx5_gtv_qlb">
        <glossterm>Result Context</glossterm>
        <glossdef>A Result Context is a collection of result attributes produced by running the Rule
            Set through the rule engine.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="r7">
        <glossterm>Ro and Gy Diameter Interface</glossterm>
        
        <glossdef>The Ro and Gy diameter interface is used as a native interface for charging and rating a session or event based charging service.</glossdef>
        
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="glossentry_ut5_3tv_qlb">
        <glossterm>Rollback Manager (RBM)</glossterm>
        <glossdef>The rollback manager restores the original values to the DB records to return the
            DB to its pre-transaction state.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="glossentry_k1t_ktv_qlb">
        <glossterm>Rule</glossterm>
        <glossdef>A Rule is a row in the Rule Group that is comprised of a set of Rule Conditions
            and a set of Rule Actions.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="glossentry_rfl_mtv_qlb">
        <glossterm>Rule dictionaries</glossterm>
        <glossdef>The dictionary files are XML files containing the definition of all the source
            contexts, usable attributes, result contexts, and action attributes in the active Rule
            System Version (RSV) instance.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="glossentry_t2q_ptv_qlb">
        <glossterm>Rule engine</glossterm>
        <glossdef>NCC CNF includes a powerful, flexible, and high performance Agile Rule Technology
            (ART) rule engine. It enables customization of NCC logic and flows without requiring any
            code changes. Rules can be used for customization of existing services and flows and can
            even be used for creating additional new use cases.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="glossentry_vdn_rtv_qlb">
        <glossterm>Rule groups</glossterm>
        <glossdef>A Rule Group is a grouping of related Rules that can be run as a logical group. A
            Rule Group is usually associated with one or more Triggers.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="glossentry_ggc_5tv_qlb">
        <glossterm>Rule System Version (RSV)</glossterm>
        <glossdef>All rule groups and variables are part of a container called a Rule System Version
            (RSV).</glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="r9">
        <glossterm>RTP</glossterm>
        
        <glossdef>Real-time Transport Protocol defines a standardized packet format to deliver the audio and video over IP networks.</glossdef>
        
    </glossentry>
</glossgroup>
