<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE glossgroup PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Glossary Group//EN" "glossgroup.dtd">
<glossgroup id="s">
    <title>S</title>
    <glossentry id="s10">
        <glossterm>S8HR</glossterm>
        <glossdef>S8 Home Routing is a roaming model for VoLTE where S8 is a standard interface
            between Serving Gateway and Packet Data Network.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="s1">
        <glossterm>SC</glossterm>
        
        <glossdef>Self Care in CE.</glossdef>
        
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="glossentry_w2v_wtv_qlb">
        <glossterm>Scale in/out</glossterm>
        <glossdef>Creation of additional pod instances (scale out) as required to handle the offered
            load, or deletion of pod instances (scale in) if the offered load can be handled with
            fewer. </glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="s2">
        <glossterm>SCCP</glossterm>
        
        <glossdef>Signaling Connection Control Part is a network layer protocol that provides extended routing, flow control, segmentation, connection-orientation, and error correction facilities in various signaling system telecommunications networks.</glossdef>
        
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="s3">
        <glossterm>SCUR</glossterm>
        
        <glossdef>Session Charging Unit Reservation is a session based charging event which requires multiple transactions between the CTF and OCF to report the units that are currently used.</glossdef>
        
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="s4">
        <glossterm>SCTP</glossterm>
        
        <glossdef>Stream Control Transmission Protocol (SCTP) is a reliable data transfer protocol in the transport layer that operates over IP, like TCP, to transport telecommunication signaling messages between peers.</glossdef>
        
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="s5">
        <glossterm>SDF</glossterm>
        
        <glossdef>Service Data Flow describes a flow of packets which represent a service being delivered to a subscriber, such as a flow of voice packets associated with a call</glossdef>
        
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="s6">
        <glossterm>SDP</glossterm>
        
        <glossdef>Session Description Protocol is a format that defines the guidelines for exchange of media communications between two endpoints.</glossdef>
        
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="glossentry_urc_25v_qlb">
        <glossterm>Service mesh</glossterm>
        <glossdef>A service mesh is a layer of communication infrastructure that efficiently handles
            the service discovery, traffic management, security authentication, and authorization
            for container-based applications.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="glossentry_rks_f5v_qlb">
        <glossterm>Service model</glossterm>
        <glossdef>Service model is responsible for managing the charging and rating entities in the
            NCC database such as bundles, tariffs and buckets.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="s7">
        <glossterm>Service Operator</glossterm>
        
        <glossdef>Is the association of a particular recharge cards with a specific manufacturer.</glossdef>
        
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="s8">
        <glossterm>Service Provider</glossterm>
        
        <glossdef>The organization that manages the services offered to the end users and uses the network infrastructure provided by the network provider.</glossdef>
        
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="glossentry_xjr_h5v_qlb">
        <glossterm>Session management</glossterm>
        <glossdef>Session management is responsible for creating, updating and deleting the call
            sessions from memory.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="s9">
        <glossterm>SGSN</glossterm>
        
        <glossdef>Serving GPRS Support Node is the main component of the GPRS network that handles the packet switched data in a network.</glossdef>
        
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="glossentry_odv_k5v_qlb">
        <glossterm>Singleton</glossterm>
        <glossdef>A singleton pod is deployed as a single instance. If that instance fails, a new
            replacement pod will be automatically spun up by Kubernetes. There is always one
            instance, as this pod type is not horizontally scalable.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="s11">
        <glossterm>SIP</glossterm>
        
        <glossdef>Session Initiation Protocol is a signaling communications protocol used for controlling multimedia communication sessions.</glossdef>
        
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="s12">
        <glossterm>SL</glossterm>
        
        <glossdef>Spending Limit is the maximum credit amount that the subscriber can spend on various services.</glossdef>
        
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="s13">
        <glossterm>SLA  </glossterm>
        
        <glossdef>Spending Limit Answer is a command sent to the OCS from the PCRF as part of the Initial or Inglosstermediate Spending Limit Report Request procedure.</glossdef>
        
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="s14">
        <glossterm>SLR</glossterm>
        
        <glossdef>Spending Limit Request is a command sent to the OCS by the PCRF as part of the Initial or Inglosstermediate Spending Limit Report Request procedure.</glossdef>
        
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="s15">
        <glossterm>SM</glossterm>
        
        <glossdef>The Service Manager operates in active/active mode and uses database cross-site
            replication to keep data synchronized between the two SMs. SM serves as the entry point
            into the NCC deployment for all GUI and APIs such as provisioning, self-care, mobile-app
            interactions, etc. SM is the provisioning application of Nokia Converged Charging (NCC).
            SM is a centralized application server that supports provisioning, validation, and
            distribution of system configuration, service, and operator data for Managed Elements
            (MEs).</glossdef>
                
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="glossentry_q51_ztv_qlb">
        <glossterm>SM CNF</glossterm>
        <glossdef>The centralized Service Manager CNF manages all the MEs in the network. SM is a
            highly scalable front-end access to the network of NCC CNFs. It hosts all GUI,
            provisioning, and external API access. SM runs in an active- active deployment with data
            replication between the SMs.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="s16">
        <glossterm>SM GUI</glossterm>
        
        <glossdef>The Service Manager graphical user interface.</glossdef>
        
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="s17">
        <glossterm>SM REST API gateway</glossterm>
        
        <glossdef>The Service Manager serves as the entry point into the NCC deployment for all APIs
            such as provisioning, self-care, mobile-app interactions, etc. Nokia Converged Charging
            (NCC) hosts application programming interfaces (APIs) on its Service Manager (SM)
            component. These APIs are typically REST-based and support a variety of users. In all of
            these use cases, the same REST API layer in SM is invoked. This layer provides the
            business logic to authorize the user, validate data change requests (including against
            other data already in the DB), index, mediate, and persist appropriate portions of the
            data in the SM database.</glossdef>
        
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="s18">
        <glossterm>SMF </glossterm>
        
        <glossdef>Service Management Function is an attribute of the International Telecommunication Union (ITU) network functional model that provisions and distributes the databases to Service Control Function (SCF) equipment.</glossdef>
        
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="s19">
        <glossterm>SMS</glossterm>
        
        <glossdef>Short Message Service is a text messaging service of the phone, web, or mobile communication systems that uses standardized communications protocols that enables the exchange of short text messages between fixed line or mobile phone devices.</glossdef>
        
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="s20">
        <glossterm>SMSC</glossterm>
        
        <glossdef>Short Message Service Center is a network element in the mobile telephone network to store, forward, convert, and deliver SMS.</glossdef>
        
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="s21">
        <glossterm>SNA</glossterm>
        
        <glossdef>Spending-Status Notification Answer command is sent to the OCS for the spending limit report procedure.</glossdef>
        
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="s22">
        <glossterm>SNR</glossterm>
        
        <glossdef>Spending-Status Notification Request command is sent to the OCS from the PCRF as part of the Spending Limit Report procedure. The SNR is sent by the Sy interface when the threshold defined for a subscriber account is reached.</glossdef>
        
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="s23">
        <glossterm>SOAP</glossterm>
        
        <glossdef>Simple Object Access Protocol is a standard communication protocol that enables
            systems to communicate through HTTP and XML.</glossdef>
        
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="glossentry_aq4_p5v_qlb">
        <glossterm>Source context</glossterm>
        <glossdef>Source Contexts provide a scope to rules that can be applied in given
            contexts.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="s24">
        <glossterm>SPR</glossterm>
        
        <glossdef>Subscriber Profile Repository stores dynamic subscriber information such as policy, quota, and rules.</glossdef>
        
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="s25">
        <glossterm>STA</glossterm>
        
        <glossdef>Session termination Answer command requires the session state which is associated with the session ID to be freed.</glossdef>
        
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="s26">
        <glossterm>STR  </glossterm>
        
        <glossdef>Session termination Request command is sent by the PCRF to the OCS as part of the Final Spending Limit Report Request process.</glossdef>
        
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="s27">
        <glossterm>Subscriber</glossterm>
        
        <glossdef>Subscriber is the term that is used to refer to a person or a group having an account with a mobile network carrier.</glossdef>
        
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="glossentry_j3s_r5v_qlb">
        <glossterm>Subscriber model</glossterm>
        <glossdef>The subscriber model is responsible for managing the subscriber related
            information in the NCC database.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="s28">
        <glossterm>SUPI</glossterm>
        
        <glossdef>Subscriber Permanent Identifier is a global unique identifier that is allocated to all the subscribers in the 5G network.</glossdef>
        
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="s29">
        <glossterm>Sy Interface</glossterm>
        
        <glossdef>The Sy Interface reference point is located between the OCS and Policy and Charging Rules Function (PCRF). The Sy Interface transfers subscriber spending related information to PCRF.</glossdef>
        
    </glossentry>
</glossgroup>
