<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE glossgroup PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Glossary Group//EN" "glossgroup.dtd">
<glossgroup id="t">
    <title>T</title>
    <glossentry id="t1">
        <glossterm>Tariff</glossterm>
        
        <glossdef>Tariff indicates the rate that is defined for a particular service.</glossdef>
        
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="t2">
        <glossterm>Tariff Plan</glossterm>
        
        <glossdef>A tariff plan is a rate plan defined for the subscriber for a particular service.</glossdef>
        
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="t3">
        <glossterm>TAS</glossterm>
        
        <glossdef>Telecom Application Service manages the subscriber features for IMS.</glossdef>
        
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="t4">
        <glossterm>TCP/IP</glossterm>
        
        <glossdef>The Transmission Control Protocol/Internet Protocol is a communications protocol that controls communication between Network Elements (NEs) and external devices over an Ethernet interface.</glossdef>
        
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="t5">
        <glossterm>TDF</glossterm>
        
        <glossdef>Traffic Detection Function enables rules to be implemented on network traffic in real time.</glossdef>
        
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="t6">
        <glossterm>TEM</glossterm>
        
        <glossdef>Timed Event Manager.</glossdef>
        
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="t7">
        <glossterm>Threshold</glossterm>
        
        <glossdef>Threshold is a boundary that distinguishes certain state of affair.</glossdef>
        
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="glossentry_uvd_55v_qlb">
        <glossterm>Timed Events Manager (TEM)</glossterm>
        <glossdef>The Timed Events Manager provides a durable, robust and high performance
            capability for managing the triggering of event processing that must be performed at
            specific times.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="t8">
        <glossterm>Timestamp</glossterm>
        
        <glossdef>A timestamp is a sequence of characters that identifies the time when an event occurred.</glossdef>
        
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="glossentry_ynn_w5v_qlb">
        <glossterm>TLS</glossterm>
        <glossdef>Transport Layer Security</glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="t9">
        <glossterm>Top-Up</glossterm>
        
        <glossdef>A top-up is the process of adding usage value to a subscriber account.</glossdef>
        
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="t10">
        <glossterm>TPS</glossterm>
        
        <glossdef>Transactions Per Second is a measurement process to calculate the total number of transactions that are completed in a second.</glossdef>
        
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="glossentry_v2z_x5v_qlb">
        <glossterm>Triggers</glossterm>
        <glossdef>A trigger is an event that occurs on a system and starts an evaluation.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>
</glossgroup>
