<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE glossgroup PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Glossary Group//EN" "glossgroup.dtd">
<glossgroup id="u">
    <title>U</title>
    <glossentry id="u1">
        <glossterm>UCS</glossterm>
        
        <glossdef>Usage Control Solution is a system to monitor data usage and to set control on the usage.</glossdef>
        
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="u2">
        <glossterm>UDR</glossterm>
        
        <glossdef>User Data Repository is a consolidated database where user data is managed.</glossdef>
        
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="u3">
        <glossterm>UD notification</glossterm>
        
        <glossdef>User Data Repository notification from a consolidated database where user data is managed.</glossdef>
        
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="u4">
        <glossterm>ULI</glossterm>
        
        <glossdef>Usage Limit is the defined as the limit after which the subscriber is not able to manually add services.</glossdef>
        
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="u5">
        <glossterm>UMTS</glossterm>
        
        <glossdef>Universal Mobile Telecommunication Systems is a third generation mobile cellular system for networks that are based on the GSM standard.</glossdef>
        
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="u6">
        <glossterm>URL</glossterm>
        
        <glossdef>Universal Resource Locator is the address that refers to the defined objects on the World Wide Web.</glossdef>
        
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="u7">
        <glossterm>USSD</glossterm>
        
        <glossdef>Unstructured Supplementary Service Data is a system that enables communication through text between a mobile phone and an application program in a network.</glossdef>
        
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="u8">
        <glossterm>Usage Control</glossterm>
        
        <glossdef>A service that provides the user protection against overage charges and monitors the wireless account usage.</glossdef>
        
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="u9">
        <glossterm>USU </glossterm>
        
        <glossdef>Used Service Unit is a variable that indicates the reported units in CCR from CCR-U/T</glossdef>
        
    </glossentry>
</glossgroup>
