<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="id9YZ-08540-UG02-PCZZA-d1e26500_attributes">
   <title>Attributes</title>
   <conbody>
			
			   <p>One or more attribute key-value pairs can be specified within
					<codeph>&lt;attributes&gt;&lt;/attributes&gt;</codeph> tags. Each
				attribute must be specified within as a separate key-value pair as follows. The
				&lt;attributes&gt; tag is optional. </p>
			   <codeblock>&lt;attributes&gt;
             &lt;attribute&gt; 
             &lt;key&gt;[attribute key 1]
             &lt;/key&gt; &lt;value&gt;[attribute value 1]&lt;/value&gt; 
         &lt;/attribute&gt; 
             &lt;attribute&gt; 
             &lt;key&gt;[attribute key 2]&lt;/key&gt; 
             &lt;value&gt;[attribute value 2]&lt;/value&gt; 
         &lt;/attribute&gt; 
         &lt;/attributes&gt;</codeblock>
			   <table rowsep="1"
             colsep="1"
             frame="all"
             pgwide="1"
             id="restAttribs">
				     <title>Attributes supported in the incoming request</title>
				     <tgroup cols="2">
				<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*"/>
				<colspec colname="col2" colwidth="4.16*"/>
				<thead>
					<row>
						<entry>
							<p>Attribute</p>
						</entry>
						<entry>
							<p>Description</p>
						</entry>
					</row>
				</thead>
				<tbody>
					<row>
						<entry>
							<p>EMAIL, SMS, SOAP, REST, TCPIP, KAFKA</p>
						</entry>
						<entry>
							<p>The key specifies the target server type and the value specifies the
								defined target server names.</p>
							<p>The notification service supports multiple target servers specified
								in the incoming trigger request. Each target server must be
								specified as a separate key-value pair.</p>
							<p>The target server name is optional. If the server name is not
								specified in the request or if the key name is other than the valid
								names (i.e., EMAIL, SMS, SOAP, REST, TCPIP, KAFKA), then the default
								server specified in the application preferences is used to send the
								notification.</p>
							<p>If multiple target servers of the similar type are specified in the
								incoming request, then only one target server is used randomly. For
								example, if key (&lt;key&gt;) is 'SMS' and the values
								(&lt;value&gt;) are 'SMSSERVER1', 'SMSSERVER2', and 'SMSSERVER3'
								then any one SMS server is selected for sending the request.</p>
						</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry> priority </entry>
						<entry>
							<p>High-priority notifications are sent directly, bypassing the
								frequency logic. Normal priority notifications are sent after
								considering the frequency logic.</p>
							<p>Priority is an optional parameter in the incoming request. If
								priority is not specified in the request, or if the key name is
								other than the valid names, then the priority specified in the
								notification template is considered to send the notification.</p>
							<p>Valid values: HIGH, NORMAL</p>
						</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry> notifSuppress </entry>
						<entry>
							<p>This attribute is used for suppressing a notification. If the value
								for this attribute is true, the notification is not sent and is
								added to the EDR log. If the value is false, the notification is
								sent.</p>
							<p>If notifSuppress is not specified in the request, or the value
								provided is other than the valid values, then the default value is
								false. That is, the notification is sent.</p>
							<p>Valid values: true, false</p>
						</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry> fallback </entry>
						<entry>
							<p>Text</p>
							<p>If the request contains this attribute and if the notification
								delivery fails for any notification channel, then NS sends an
								alternate SMS to the default SMPP server. The SMS contains the value
								specified in this attribute.</p>
							<p>
								<b>Note</b>
							</p>
							<ul>
								<li>
									<p>NS attempts to send the fallback SMS only once.</p>
								</li>
								<li>
									<p>If the user's phone number is not configured, then fallback
										SMS is not sent. The message is only saved in the EDR
										log.</p>
								</li>
								<li>
									<p>NS uses the default SmppServer to send the fallback SMS.</p>
								</li>
								<li>
									<p>If multiple channels are applicable for a client request, and
										the notification delivery fails for one or more channels,
										then NS tries to send fallback SMS for each channel for
										which notification delivery has failed.</p>
								</li>
							</ul>
							<p>Example scenario: If all retires are exhausted for sending an EMAIL
								notification but still NS is unable to send the notification, and if
								the request has fallback key and its value, then the value which is
								specified is used to send SMS to the default SMPP server.</p>
						</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry> SMS-Orig-Id </entry>
						<entry>
							<p>Mobile number</p>
							<p>The mobile number provided in this attribute overrides the value
								specified in the SMPP server for outgoing SMS.</p>
							<ul>
								<li>
									<p>SMS-Orig-Id is sent for the retry SMS.</p>
								</li>
								<li>
									<p>SMS-Orig-Id is not sent in case of FallBack SMS.</p>
								</li>
							</ul>
						</entry>
					</row>
					<row>
						<entry> SMS-Deferral-Time </entry>
						<entry>
							<p>Using this attribute, operators can schedule the delivery of the SMS
								to the device with a new value provided in the incoming triggering
								request.</p>
							<p>Time format should be "YYMMDDhhmmsstnnp"</p>
							<p>where</p>
							<p>YY: last two digits of the year (00-99)</p>
							<p>MM: month (01-12)</p>
							<p>DD: day (01-31)</p>
							<p>hh: hour (00-23)</p>
							<p>mm: minute (00-59)</p>
							<p>ss: second (00-59)</p>
							<p>t: tenth of a second (0-9)</p>
							<p>nn: Time difference in quarter hours between local time (as provided
								in the first 13 letters) and UTC (Universal Time Constant) time
								(00-48).</p>
							<p>p: Specifies absolute or relative delivery.</p>
							<ul>
								<li>
									<p>“+” indicates that the local time is <b>nn</b> quarter hours
										after the UTC time.</p>
								</li>
								<li>
									<p>“-” indicates that the local time is <b>nn</b> quarter hours
										before the UTC time.</p>
								</li>
								<li>
									<p>“R” indicates that local time is relative to the current SMSC
										server time. See <xref href="c_scheduled_delivery_type.dita"
										/> for details.</p>
								</li>
							</ul>
						</entry>
					</row>
				</tbody>
			</tgroup>
			   </table>
			   <p>The following attributes are also supported for specific customers. NS uses these
				attributes without any formatting or changes.</p>
			   <ul>
				     <li>
					       <p>MASID</p>
				     </li>
				     <li>
					       <p>SPAID</p>
				     </li>
				     <li>
					       <p>HOSTID</p>
				     </li>
				     <li>
					       <p>CLIENTID</p>
				     </li>
			   </ul>
		</conbody>
</concept>
