<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="id9YZ-08540-UG02-PCZZA-d1e31664_overview">
   <title>Group notification flow logic</title>
   <conbody>

      <p>When a notification request is received for Group type, then NS caches all attributes from
         the request. The Group details and group notification profiles are fetched from the NCC
         database. Then the notifications are sent according to the following logic.</p>
      <table rowsep="1" colsep="1" pgwide="1">
         <tgroup cols="2">
            <colspec colname="col1"/>
            <colspec colname="col2"/>
            <thead>
               <row>
                  <entry>
                     <p>If receiver is...</p>
                  </entry>
                  <entry>
                     <p>Then...</p>
                  </entry>
               </row>
            </thead>
            <tbody>
               <row>
                  <entry>
Group Admin
</entry>
                  <entry>If channel is SMS or EMAIL or both, then notification is sent to the Group
                     owner. Else, notification is sent to the target URL. </entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>
None
</entry>
                  <entry>
No notification is sent.
</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry> All Members and Group Admin</entry>
                  <entry>
                     <p>For each Device in the Group, the notification profile is retrieved,
                        including language and channel information.</p>
                     <p>Notification type is retrieved from the group notification profile.</p>
                     <p>Notification is sent to each Device and admin with appropriate profile,
                        language, and channel.</p>
                  </entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>All Members except Group Admin</entry>
                  <entry>
                     <p>For each Device in the Group, the notification profile is retrieved,
                        including language and channel information.</p>
                     <p>Notification type is retrieved from the group notification profile.</p>
                     <p>Notification is sent to each Device except the group admin with appropriate
                        profile, language, and channel.</p>
                  </entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry> Group Admin and Selected Members </entry>
                  <entry>
                     <p>If channel is SMS or EMAIL or both, then send notification to the Group owner. Else, send notification to the target URL.</p>
                     <p>For the Device ID in the request, send notification to each with appropriate
                        profile, language, and channel.</p>
                  </entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry> Group Selected Members </entry>
                  <entry>For the Device ID in the request, send notification to each with
                     appropriate profile, language, and channel. </entry>
               </row>
            </tbody>
         </tgroup>
      </table>
   </conbody>
</concept>
