<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="id9YZ-08540-UG02-PCZZA-d1e29078_parameters">
   <title>Parameters</title>
   <conbody>

      <p>The parameters for configuring a Kafka cluster are listed in the following table.<table rowsep="1"
                colsep="1"
                frame="all"
                pgwide="1"
                id="kafkaCluster">
            <title>Kafka cluster parameters</title>


            <tgroup cols="2">
               <colspec colname="col1"/>
               <colspec colname="col3"/>
               <thead>
                  <row>
                     <entry>
                        <p>Parameter</p>
                     </entry>
                     <entry>
                        <p>Description</p>
                     </entry>
                  </row>
               </thead>
               <tbody>
                  <row>
                     <entry>
Cluster Name*
</entry>
                     <entry>
Unique identifier for the Kafka cluster. This is used as the primary key. It can have a maximum of 50 characters.
</entry>
                  </row>
                  <row>
                     <entry>
Description
</entry>
                     <entry>
The description of the Kafka cluster.
</entry>
                  </row>
                  <row>
                     <entry namest="col1" nameend="col3">
                        <p>Primary Kafka Broker</p>
                        <p>Configure the primary Kafka broker. </p>
                     </entry>
                  </row>
                  <row>
                     <entry>
Bootstrap servers*
</entry>
                     <entry>
                        <p>Comma-separated list of host and port pairs that are the addresses of the Kafka brokers in a "bootstrap" Kafka cluster that a Kafka client connects to initially to bootstrap itself.</p>
                        <p>Example: 135.234.23.42:9092,135.234.23.43:9092</p>
                        <p>The default port is 9092. That is, if port is not provided, then 9092 is used as port.</p>
                     </entry>
                  </row>
                  <row>
                     <entry>
Topic*
</entry>
                     <entry>
Provide the name of the Kafka topic where NS has to publish the data (messages).
</entry>
                  </row>
                  <row>
                     <entry>
Number of retries
</entry>
                     <entry>
Number of retries allowed for each notification. The retries are performed by the Kafka producer internally.
</entry>
                  </row>
                  <row>
                     <entry>
Retry Backoff Period
</entry>
                     <entry>
The amount of time to wait before attempting to retry a failed request to a given topic partition. This avoids repeatedly sending requests in a tight loop under some failure scenarios.
</entry>
                  </row>
                  <row>
                     <entry>
Request time out (ms)
</entry>
                     <entry>
The time (in milliseconds) for which the client waits for the server to respond to a request.
</entry>
                  </row>
                  <row>
                     <entry>
Client ID
</entry>
                     <entry>
An identifier used for logging errors, monitoring aggregates, etc. This ID acts as a logical grouping across all requests from a particular client.
</entry>
                  </row>
                  <row>
                     <entry>
ADD CUSTOM PROPERTY
</entry>
                     <entry>
Click ADD CUSTOM PROPERTY to define one or more name value pairs. These can be used to add additional Kafka producer specific properties, for example, to define maximum blocking time <codeblock>max.block.ms</codeblock> or to define SSL specific properties <codeblock>ssl.truststore.location</codeblock>.
</entry>
                  </row>
                  <row>
                     <entry namest="col1" nameend="col3">
To configure a secondary broker as well, click the <b>Enable secondary broker</b> check box and provide the parameters for the secondary broker.
</entry>
                  </row>
               </tbody>
            </tgroup>

         </table>
      </p>
      <ol>
         <li>
            <draft-comment>FIXME - DITA doesn't support table-notes</draft-comment>* indicates required parameters.</li>
      </ol>
   </conbody>
</concept>
