<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="id9YZ-08540-UG02-PCZZA-d1e34205_notification_log_cleanup">
   <title>Notification log cleanup</title>
   <conbody>

      <p>To clean up the notification log at regular intervals, an “audit(entity,frequency, auditstarttime)” API is provided. This API performs cleanup activity daily. A watchdog mechanism is provided, which wakes up at regular interval (5 sec, configurable from TPASystem) and checks frequency and time configured in the audit() API. Once it matches, cleanup is performed.</p>
      <table rowsep="1" colsep="1">
         <title>Notification log cleanup properties</title>

         <tgroup cols="2">
            <colspec colname="col1"/>
            <colspec colname="col2"/>
            <thead>
               <row>
                  <entry>
                     <p>Property</p>
                  </entry>
                  <entry>
                     <p>Description</p>
                  </entry>
               </row>
            </thead>
            <tbody>
               <row>
                  <entry>
Notification Audit Default Start Time
</entry>
                  <entry>
The default start time for the cleanup if not specified.
</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>
Notification Audit Clink Time (seconds)
</entry>
                  <entry>
This variable is for after how much seconds the application should compare the audit start time with the current system time.
</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>
Notification Retention Per User 
</entry>
                  <entry>
This variable is used for per user how many minimum records have to be retained, from the older data which has be went for processing of deletion in the provided entity.
</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>
Notification Retention Period (Days)
</entry>
                  <entry>
This variable is used for how much old records are eligible for deletion  in the provided entity.
</entry>
               </row>
            </tbody>
         </tgroup>
      </table>
   </conbody>
</concept>
