<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="id9YZ-08540-UG02-PCZZA-np_overview">
   <title>Notification profile</title>
   <conbody>

      <p>Notification profile is used to configure notification preferences for sending notifications to subscribers. Operators can select a default notification profile which is based on the default preferences.</p>
      <p>In the SM GUI, it is available under <uicontrol>Notification Management → Notification Preferences → ☰ → Notification Profiles</uicontrol>.</p>
      <table rowsep="1"
             colsep="1"
             frame="all"
             pgwide="1"
             id="tab_notifProf">
         <title>Notification profile parameters</title>

         <tgroup cols="2">
            <colspec colname="col1"/>
            <colspec colname="col3"/>
            <thead>
               <row>
                  <entry>
                     <p>Parameter</p>
                  </entry>
                  <entry>
                     <p>Description</p>
                  </entry>
               </row>
            </thead>
            <tbody>
               <row>
                  <entry>
Name*
</entry>
                  <entry>
                     <p>The unique identifier of the profile. It must be alphanumeric and can have a maximum length of 50 characters.</p>
                     <p>
                        <b>Note:</b> Name must be unique among Notification Profiles, Group Notification Profiles, and Private Profiles.</p>
                  </entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>
Default Profile
</entry>
                  <entry>
                     <p>This field is set to true for the default notification profile. Operators can create a new profile as default profile or update an existing profile as a default profile. </p>
                     <p>Only one notification profile can be the default profile at a time. A default profile can neither be deleted nor it can be changed to a non-default profile. If a new profile is created as default or an existing profile is changed to default profile, then the previous default profile changes to non-default.</p>
                     <p>Default value: false</p>
                  </entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>
Type
</entry>
                  <entry>
                     <p>Defines the type of profile, that is whether the profile is a normal notification profile or a group notification profile.</p>
                     <p>Valid values: Profile, Groupprofile</p>
                     <p>Default value: Profile</p>
                     <p>
                        <b>Note:</b> Updating notification profile type from Profile to Groupprofile or vice versa is not allowed.</p>
                  </entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>
Channels*
</entry>
                  <entry>
                     <p>Defines the preferred subscriber channels. Subscriber can select multiple channels.</p>
                     <p>Valid values: EMAIL, SMS, SOAP, REST, TCPIP, KAFKA</p>
                     <p>Default value: SMS</p>
                  </entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>
Languages*
</entry>
                  <entry>The preferred language for notifications. Subscriber can select from
                     multiple languages from a list of languages  configured in the application
                     preference <b>Language</b>.</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>
Description
</entry>
                  <entry>
Description of the notification profile.
</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>
Notification Type
</entry>
                  <entry>
                     <p>The type of notification such as offers, threshold, etc. The list of notification types can be derived from the system settings. Subscribers can select the type of notifications they want to receive. </p>
                     <p>Valid values: Usage, Failures, Account Update, Offers, Threshold</p>
                     <p>
                        <uicontrol>Note:</uicontrol> 'Usage' and 'Failures' do not support the frequency and notification start time and end time.</p>
                  </entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry namest="col1" nameend="col3">

                     <b>Notification Type and Frequency</b>

                  </entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>
Local
</entry>
                  <entry>
                     <p>If this field is set to true, then the notifications can be sent to the subscribers when they are in their home network.</p>
                     <p>This field is applicable to all the notification types (Failure, Usage, Threshold, Account Update, Offers).</p>
                  </entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>
Roaming
</entry>
                  <entry>
                     <p>If this field is set to true, then the notifications can be sent to the subscribers when they are roaming (not in their home network).</p>
                     <p>This field is applicable to all the notification types (Failure, Usage, Threshold, Account Update, Offers).</p>
                  </entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>
Frequency
</entry>
                  <entry>
                     <p>The maximum number of notifications a subscriber wants to receive in a day, month, or year as specified. For example, if this value is set to 10 and Month, then the subscriber does not receive more than 10 notifications in a month.</p>
                     <p>This field is applicable to the notification types: Threshold, Account Update, Offers.</p>
                  </entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>
Start Time
</entry>
                  <entry>
                     <p>The starting time of day after which the subscriber wants to receive notifications.</p>
                     <p>The supported time format is hh:mm:ss, for example: 12:30:22.</p>
                     <p>This field is applicable to the notification types: Threshold, Account Update, Offers.</p>
                  </entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>
End Time
</entry>
                  <entry>
                     <p>The ending time until which the subscriber wants to receive notifications.</p>
                     <p>The supported time format is hh:mm:ss, for example: 12:30:55.</p>
                     <p>This field is applicable to the notification types: Threshold, Account Update, Offers.</p>
                  </entry>
               </row>
            </tbody>
         </tgroup>
      </table>
   </conbody>
</concept>
