<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="id9YZ-08540-UG02-PCZZA-d1e35054_configuration">
   <title>Configuration</title>
   <conbody>

      <p>Configure the following in NS.</p>
      <ol>

         <li>
            <p>Create TCPIP servers in the Service Manager and mark the algorithm as round robin for each server. This is required in 3-4 servers, on which you need to execute round robin algorithm.</p>
         </li>
         <li>
            <p>Create a notification template.</p>
            <p>(Optional) You may add FIXEDLENGTH modifier to apply restriction on variable values.</p>
            <p>Example: If the text in the template is <codeblock>$(FIXEDLENGTH)(20,rightpadding,0,lefttrimming)[LastCost]</codeblock>, then the <codeblock>LastCost</codeblock> variable (of length 20) is padded by 0 on the right side, and is trimmed of any space on the left.</p>
            <p>Other variations of this modifier can be used in the template to restrict or alter
               the value of notification variable as required. For more information on this feature,
               see <xref
                  href="c_notification_variable_formatting.dita"
               />.</p>
         </li>
         <li>
            <p>In the notification template, <varname>Custom behaviour</varname> parameter should be set to <varname>DVS</varname>. This ensures that the TCP/IP notification works in a round robin manner. For generic, set this parameter to <varname>none</varname>.</p>
         </li>
         <li>
            <p>Create a notification profile in SM for the notification channel and notification type.</p>
         </li>
      </ol>
   </conbody>
</concept>
