<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="id9YZ-08540-UG02-PCZZA-pp_overview">
   <title>Private profile</title>
   <conbody>

      <p>Private profile is used to configure notification preferences specific (private) to a
         Device or User. The private group notification profile is specific (private) to a
         Group.</p>
      <p>Private profiles are created as a result of API calls. Private profiles cannot be created
         using Notification Management in SM GUI. However, in the SM GUI private notification
         profiles and private group notification profiles can be viewed as follows:</p>
      <ul>

         <li>
            <p>For private notification profile, select <uicontrol>Notification Management → Notification
                                                  Preferences → ☰ → Notification
                                                  Profiles</uicontrol>. From the drop-down list at
                                                the top, select <b>Private Notification
                                                Profile</b>.</p>
         </li>
         <li>
            <p>For private group notification profile, select <uicontrol>Notification Management → Notification Preferences → ☰ → Group Notification Profiles</uicontrol>. From the drop-down list at the top, select <b>Private Group Notification Profile</b>.</p>
         </li>
      </ul>
      <p>The following table lists the parameters of the private profile entity.<table rowsep="1"
                colsep="1"
                frame="all"
                pgwide="1"
                id="tab_privProf">
            <title>Private profile parameters</title>


            <tgroup cols="2">
               <colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*"/>
               <colspec colname="col3" colwidth="3.28*"/>
               <thead>
                  <row>
                     <entry>
                        <p>Parameter</p>
                     </entry>
                     <entry>
                        <p>Description</p>
                     </entry>
                  </row>
               </thead>
               <tbody>
                  <row>
                     <entry> Name </entry>
                     <entry>
                        <p>The unique identifier of the profile. It is the primary key. It can have
                           a maximum length of 50 characters.</p>
                        <p>
                           <b>Note:</b> Name must be unique among Notification Profiles, Group
                           Notification Profiles, and Private Profiles.</p>
                     </entry>
                  </row>
                  <row>
                     <entry> Description </entry>
                     <entry> Description of the private profile. </entry>
                  </row>
                  <row>
                     <entry> Channels </entry>
                     <entry>
                        <p>Defines the preferred subscriber channels. Subscriber can select multiple
                           channels.</p>
                        <p>Valid values: EMAIL, SMS, SOAP, REST, TCPIP,
                           KAFKA<!--ask- not sure if KAFKA is available for private profile--></p>
                        <p>Default value: SMS</p>
                     </entry>
                  </row>
                  <row>
                     <entry> Languages </entry>
                     <entry>The preferred language for notifications. Multiple languages can be set
                        from a list of languages, which are configured in the application preference
                           <b>Language</b>. </entry>
                  </row>
                  <row>
                     <entry> NotificationType </entry>
                     <entry>
                        <p>The type of notification such as offers, threshold, etc. The list of
                           notification types can be derived from the system settings. Subscribers
                           can select the type of notifications they want to receive.</p>
                        <p>Valid values: Usage, Failures, Account Update, Offers, Threshold</p>
                        <p>
                           <uicontrol>Note:</uicontrol> 'Usage' and 'Failures' do not support the
                           frequency and notification start time and end time.</p>
                     </entry>
                  </row>
                  <row>
                     <entry> Local </entry>
                     <entry>
                        <p>If this field is set to true, then the notifications can be sent to the
                           subscribers when they are in their home network.</p>
                        <p>This field is applicable to all the notification types (Failure, Usage,
                           Threshold, Account Update, Offers).</p>
                     </entry>
                  </row>
                  <row>
                     <entry> Roaming </entry>
                     <entry>
                        <p>If this field is set to true, then the notifications can be sent to the
                           subscribers when they are roaming (not in their home network).</p>
                        <p>This field is applicable to all the notification types (Failure, Usage,
                           Threshold, Account Update, Offers).</p>
                     </entry>
                  </row>
                  <row>
                     <entry> Frequency </entry>
                     <entry>
                        <p>The maximum number of notifications a subscriber wants to receive in a
                           day, month, or year as specified. For example, if this value is set to 10
                           and Month, then the subscriber does not receive more than 10
                           notifications in a month.</p>
                        <p>This field is applicable to the notification types: Threshold, Account
                           Update, Offers.</p>
                     </entry>
                  </row>
                  <row>
                     <entry> From </entry>
                     <entry>
                        <p>The starting time of day after which the subscriber wants to receive
                           notifications.</p>
                        <p>The supported time format is hh:mm:ss, for example: 12:30:22.</p>
                        <p>This field is applicable to the notification types: Threshold, Account
                           Update, Offers.</p>
                     </entry>
                  </row>
                  <row>
                     <entry> To </entry>
                     <entry>
                        <p>The ending time until which the subscriber wants to receive
                           notifications.</p>
                        <p>The supported time format is hh:mm:ss, for example: 12:30:55.</p>
                        <p>This field is applicable to the notification types: Threshold, Account
                           Update, Offers.</p>
                     </entry>
                  </row>
                  <row>
                     <entry> EntityID </entry>
                     <entry>
                        <p>The identifier value of entities, such as DeviceId, UserId, SubscriberId,
                           etc. For private group profile, the identifier is GroupId.</p>
                        <p>Maximum number of characters permitted for this field is 50. This ID
                           should match with entityID in the incoming request from the client.</p>
                     </entry>
                  </row>
                  <row>
                     <entry> EntityType </entry>
                     <entry>
                        <p>The entity type in the incoming request. </p>
                        <p>Valid values (private notification profile): DEVICE, USER</p>
                        <p>Valid values (private group notification profile): GROUP</p>
                        <p>This should match with the entityType in the incoming request from the
                           client.</p>
                     </entry>
                  </row>
               </tbody>
            </tgroup>
         </table>
      </p>
   </conbody>
</concept>
