<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="id9YZ-08540-UG02-PCZZA-d1e27966_parameters">
   <title>Parameters</title>
   <conbody>

      <p>The parameters for configuring a SMS server are listed in the following table.</p>
      <note>

         <p>After updating SMS server configurations, the application server must be restarted for the changes to take effect.</p>
      </note>
      <table rowsep="1" colsep="1" frame="all" pgwide="1" id="SMSSrvEnt">
         <title>SMPP server parameters</title>

         <tgroup cols="2">
            <colspec colname="col1"/>
            <colspec colname="col3"/>
            <thead>
               <row>
                  <entry>
                     <p>Parameter</p>
                  </entry>
                  <entry>
                     <p>Description</p>
                  </entry>
               </row>
            </thead>
            <tbody>
               <row>
                  <entry>
Server Name*
</entry>
                  <entry>
A unique name for the SMPP server. This is used as the primary key. It can have a maximum of 50 characters.
</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>
Primary Host/IP*
</entry>
                  <entry>
The primary host-name or IP address of the SMPP server.
</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>
Secondary Host/IP
</entry>
                  <entry>
The secondary-host name or IP address of the SMPP server.
</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>
Port*
</entry>
                  <entry>
                     <p>The port on which SMPP server is listening.</p>
                     <p>Valid range: 1-65535</p>
                     <p>Default value: 2775</p>
                  </entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>
SMS Client Binding Type
</entry>
                  <entry>
                     <p>The type of binding expected with the SMPP server.</p>
                     <p>Valid values: Transceiver, Transmitter</p>
                     <p>Default value: Transceiver</p>
                  </entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>
Message Segmentation Method
</entry>
                  <entry>
                     <p>The segmentation method used when SMS text exceeds the defined limit.</p>
                     <p>Valid values: Short Message Segmentation, Message Payload</p>
                     <p>Default value: Short Message Segmentation</p>
                  </entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>
Source Type of Number*
</entry>
                  <entry>
                     <p>The type of number for source address.</p>
                     <p>Valid values: Unknown, Abbreviated, Alphanumeric, International, National, Network, Subscriber</p>
                     <p>Default value: Unknown</p>
                  </entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>
Source Numeric Plan Indicator
</entry>
                  <entry>
                     <p>The numeric plan indicator for source address.</p>
                     <p>Valid values: Unknown, E.164, ERMES, Internet, ISDN, Land Mobile, National, Private, Telex, WAP Client Identifier, X121</p>
                     <p>Default value: Unknown</p>
                  </entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>
Destination Type of Number*
</entry>
                  <entry>
                     <p>The type of number for destination address.</p>
                     <p>Valid values: Unknown, Abbreviated, Alphanumeric, International, National, Network, Subscriber</p>
                     <p>Default value: Unknown</p>
                  </entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>
Destination Numeric Plan Indicator
</entry>
                  <entry>
                     <p>The numeric plan indicator used for destination address.</p>
                     <p>Valid values: Unknown, E.164, ERMES, Internet, ISDN, Land Mobile, National, Private, Telex, WAP Client Identifier, X121</p>
                     <p>Default value: Unknown</p>
                  </entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>
System Type
</entry>
                  <entry>
                     <p>The type of ESME system requesting to bind as a transceiver with the SMPP server.</p>
                     <p>Default value: NOKIANS</p>
                  </entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>
Receive Timeout (ms)<!--<TBD-field not functional>-->
</entry>
                  <entry>
                     <p>The time lapse (in milliseconds) allowed between an SMPP request and the corresponding SMPP response.</p>
                     <p>Valid range: 1-10000</p>
                     <p>Default value: 2000</p>
                  </entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>
Retry Wait Time
</entry>
                  <entry>
                     <p>Time  (in milliseconds) to wait before sending the QUERY_SM request.</p>
                     <p>Valid range: 1-10000</p>
                     <p>Default value: 2000</p>
                  </entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>
Enquire Link Wait Time
</entry>
                  <entry>
                     <p>The time lapse  (in milliseconds) allowed between operations after which an SMPP server checks whether its peer still has an active session.</p>
                     <p>Valid range: 1-200000</p>
                     <p>Default value: 60000</p>
                  </entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>
Message Cache Size
</entry>
                  <entry>
                     <p>The maximum number of messages that can be sent to SMSC server without receiving a response.</p>
                     <p>Valid range: 1-10000</p>
                     <p>Default value: 1000</p>
                  </entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>
Source Mobile Number
</entry>
                  <entry>
The source mobile number. The subscribers will see this number as originator of SMS.
</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>
System ID*
</entry>
                  <entry>
The system ID used to authenticate the bind request. Only integers are allowed. The maximum length of this field is 16 characters.
</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>
Password*
</entry>
                  <entry>
The password used to authenticate the bind request. The maximum length of this field is 100 characters.
</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>
Description
</entry>
                  <entry>
The additional information such as a restriction about the parameter.
</entry>
               </row>
            </tbody>
         </tgroup>
      </table>
   </conbody>
</concept>
