<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="id9YZ-08540-UG02-PCZZA-d1e33745_overview">
   <title>TCP/IP notifications</title>
   <conbody>

      <p>In this case, the back office uses TCP/IP for sending the notification message to the external server. TCP/IP allows the notification service to send notifications to external systems in XML format as TCP/IP outbound requests. A TCP/IP client is used for sending a notification message to the external server.</p>
      <p>All required parameters in the TCP/IP outbound entity (see <xref
            href="c_tcpip_server_configuration.dita"/>) must be defined. </p>
      <table rowsep="1" colsep="1">
         <title>Request and response format for TCP/IP notification</title>

         <tgroup cols="2">
            <colspec colname="col1"/>
            <colspec colname="col2"/>
            <thead>
               <row>
                  <entry>
                     <p>Request</p>
                  </entry>
                  <entry>
                     <p>Response</p>
                  </entry>
               </row>
            </thead>
            <tbody>
               <row>
                  <entry>
The request is in XML format.
</entry>
                  <entry>
The response of the service is XML or String.
</entry>
               </row>
            </tbody>
         </tgroup>
      </table>
      <section>
				     <p>
            <b>Sample request</b>
         </p>
				     <codeblock>&lt;ext:entities xmlns:ext="externalNotificationSPS"&gt;
         &lt;entity&gt;
           &lt;id&gt;Test&lt;/id&gt;
            &lt;type&gt;Device&lt;/type&gt;
           &lt;templateId&gt;TcpIP&lt;/templateId&gt;
           &lt;templateParameters&gt;
            &lt;templateParameter&gt;
              &lt;key&gt;CC&lt;/key&gt;
              &lt;value&gt;45&lt;/value&gt;
            &lt;/templateParameter&gt;
           &lt;templateParameter&gt;
              &lt;key&gt;CB&lt;/key&gt;
              &lt;value&gt;567&lt;/value&gt;
           &lt;/templateParameter&gt;
         &lt;/templateParameters&gt;
         &lt;/entity&gt;
         &lt;/ext:entities&gt;</codeblock>
			   </section>
      <section>
         <p>
            <b>Response for success</b>
         </p>
         <p>On success, the response from the TcpOutBound server is returned.</p>
      </section>
      <section>
         <p>
            <b>Response for failure</b>
         </p>
         <table rowsep="1" colsep="1" pgwide="1">
            <title>Back office TCP/IP notifications: Example response for failure</title>

            <tgroup cols="2">
               <colspec colname="col1"/>
               <colspec colname="col2"/>
               <thead>
                  <row>
                     <entry>
                        <p>Error</p>
                     </entry>
                     <entry>
                        <p>Description</p>
                     </entry>
                  </row>
               </thead>
               <tbody>
                  <row>
                     <entry>
Unable to establish connection with TCP/IP server: &lt;IP address&gt; and &lt;port&gt;.
</entry>
                     <entry>
The socket could not establish connection between the server and the client.
</entry>
                  </row>
                  <row>
                     <entry>
No response received from TCP/IP server. Connection timeout.
</entry>
                     <entry>
The client was able to connect with the sever. However, after sending a message it did not get any response form. The client waits for a specific time (configure in the timeout field in Target Server entity) and then returns error.
</entry>
                  </row>
                  <row>
                     <entry>
Trying to connect to unknown host.
</entry>
                     <entry>
The IP address was wrong.
</entry>
                  </row>
               </tbody>
            </tgroup>
         </table>
      </section>
   </conbody>
</concept>
