<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="admin_console_admin_tasks">
    <title>Admin console administrative tasks</title>
    <body>
        <section id="section_hhn_gwz_jlb">
            <title>Overview</title>
            <p>The bulk of administrative tasks are done through the <i>Web SSO Admin Console</i>.
                The correct URL must be used. The console may be accessed directly at
                    <i>https://&lt;smhostserver>:8666/auth/admin/</i> with the user credentials
                created in the <b>add-user-keycloak</b> script in the bin directory. This would
                further redirect to the <i>Web SSO Admin Console.</i><note>: If the master realm
                    user forgets their password, the <b>add-user-keycloak</b> script may be used to
                    create a new administrator of the master realm.</note></p>
            <p>The right-most drop-down menu on the admin console allows the administrator to view
                the user account or logout from the current session. To enquire about a certain
                feature, button, or field within the <i>Web SSO Admin Console</i>, simply hover the
                mouse over any question mark ? icon which pops up the tool-tip text to describe the
                area of the console of interest.</p>
            <p>This section allows the selection of the sps-auth realm, configure realm settings,
                clients, client scopes, roles, identity providers, user federation, and
                authentication using the <i>Web SSO Admin Console</i>.<note>When a Geo-redundant
                    pair of Service Managers (SMs) are installed and changes are done on the
                    KeyCloak for any of these sites, the caches must be cleared (realm, user, and
                    key cache) on the other site to reflect the same changes. The only time that
                    this does not need be done is the creation and deletion of users, roles, and
                    user-role mapping which gets reflected without the need to clear the cache. The
                    changes may include creation, deletion and modification on password policies,
                    user attributes, clients, events etc. To clear the caches, do the following:<ol
                        id="ol_wdj_vmv_klb">
                        <li> Select the realm on which the changes were made.</li>
                        <li>Go to "Realm Settings" -> "Cache”.</li>
                        <li>Click the "Clear" button for all three caches (Realm Cache, User Cache,
                            and Keys Cache).</li>
                    </ol></note></p>
        </section>
    </body>
</topic>
