<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="alarm_admin">
    <title>Alarm administration</title>
    <conbody>
        <section id="section_ykd_ltb_xkb">
            <title>Overview</title>
            <p>Alarms are generated to alert operators of abnormal behavior. Alarms are raised by
                any of the NCC CNF microservices. These alarms are meant to be sent to the Element
                Management System (EMS) that displays them.</p>
            <p>The alarming service is provided across a cluster of machines in a cloud environment
                and supports the following:<ul id="ul_hnt_ftb_xkb">
                    <li>southbound interface that allows applications to generate alarms</li>
                    <li>alarm management that includes alarm processing, storage and lifecycle
                        management</li>
                    <li>northbound interface (SNMP v2c/v3) that reports alarms to the EMS</li>
                </ul></p>
        </section>
        <section id="section_ygv_ltb_xkb">
            <title>Active alarm table and alarm logs</title>
            <p>Active alarms are stored in Maria DB. Alarms may be viewed using Kibana, in the same
                way that logs are viewed.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="section_hcm_z5b_xkb"><title>Brevity control</title><p>Sometimes on a site,
                alarms of a similar nature may be triggered at the same time. To a northbound
                management system, there will be a burst of alarms arriving which can cause
                overload. For example, there are multiple instances of a service running in a
                cluster when a network partition occurs. If half of your service instances can no
                longer reach the database, each service instance will send an alarm if it cannot
                communicate with the database. This results in hundreds of alarms being sent to the
                northbound management system. Brevity control will allow you to configure the NCC to
                send a limited number of alarms that are of a similar nature but are enough to help
                identify the root cause of what is happening at that time and avoid going into
                overload. Brevity control is introduced to control the number of similar alarms that
                are sent.</p>Brevity control applies to alarms and only allows a specific number of
            the same alarms to pass, dropping the rest of the alarms created within the particular
                interval.<p>Brevity control is introduced at both the Application and CLOG pods
                inside the /etc/td-agent/td-agent.conf file. Logs related to Brevity control on
                alarms will be output to stdout.</p><p>The alarms are filtered on the parameter
                keys: alarm.key, id, and severity.</p><p>Two variables are introduced at both the
                CLOG and the APP node mappings in the <codeph>sdc_conf</codeph> file for brevity
                control that define how within the <codeph>brevity_timeframe</codeph> only a
                specified number (<codeph>brevity_num</codeph>) of the same alarms can be passed,
                while the rest of the alarms will be dropped, as follows:<ul id="ul_bll_1wb_xkb">
                    <li><codeph>brevity_timeframe</codeph>: This allows you to configure timeframe
                        for brevity control. The value should be greater than zero. The default
                        value is set to 10 seconds.</li>
                    <li><codeph>brevity_num</codeph>: This allows you to configure how many
                        re-occurring alarms can be displayed or allowed within the interval of the
                            <codeph>brevity_timeframe</codeph>. The value should be greater than
                        zero. The default value is set to 2.</li>
                </ul></p><p>The Brevity control message for dropped alarms will be displayed when
                the second brevity control occurs on the same alarms. </p></section>
        <section id="section_zzr_5wb_xkb">
            <title>Enabling alarms</title>
            <p>To enable alarms, you configure them. For more information, see the SNMP section in
                the <i>NCC CNF Installation Guide</i>.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="section_o35_1xb_xkb">
            <title>SNMP alarms</title>
            <p>The NCC supports a framework for producing SNMP alarms. When an alarm is produced,
                the NCC maintains Active state until the alarm condition is cleared.<note>The NCC
                    generates an alarm timestamp in SNMP traps that can be up to five seconds after
                    the actual event time.</note></p>
        </section>
        <section id="section_owt_2xb_xkb">
            <title>Alarm trap</title>
            <p>The alarm service provides the ability to send alarms as traps to the SNMP
                    manager.<note>To specify the SNMP manager, you need to configure the SNMP users
                    parameters after instantiation. To configure the SNMP users, contact Nokia
                    Professional Services.</note></p>
        </section>
        <!--section id="section_kzs_3xb_xkb">
            <title>Alarm history</title>
            <p>##FIXME: How does this work for containers?###</p>
        </section-->
        <section id="section_l1s_lxb_xkb">
            <title>Alarm identification, uniqueness, field descriptions, and parameters</title>
            <p>Alarm uniqueness is a composite of the following parameters:<ul id="ul_kmq_nxb_xkb">
                    <li>System</li>
                    <li>SpecificProblem</li>
                </ul></p>
            <p>In the NE3S protocol, "noiSystemDistinguishedName" + "noiSpecificProblem" can only
                define one alarm. So in the API,
                "system"/"host"/&lt;"container">/&lt;"service">/&lt;"process">+"alarm.id" defines
                one alarm only. The "system" and "host" are mandatory. The others are the optional.
                ObjectName is constructed using &lt;host>+&lt;service>#&lt;system>.</p>
            <p>The following table lists alarm parameters, their corresponding representation in the
                OID, and the description of each parameter for systems that use the older
                NokiaEmsMib, where the following is the OID for the alarm index key in the ETCD
                database:<codeblock>1.3.6.1.4.1.28458.2.78.5.6.9.1.1</codeblock></p>
            <table frame="all" rowsep="1" colsep="1" id="table_bdv_2cd_xkb">
                <title>Alarm parameters</title>
                <tgroup cols="4">
                    <colspec colname="c1" colnum="1" colwidth="1*"/>
                    <colspec colname="c2" colnum="2" colwidth="1*"/>
                    <colspec colname="c3" colnum="3" colwidth="1*"/>
                    <colspec colname="c4" colnum="4" colwidth="1*"/>
                    <thead>
                        <row>
                            <entry>Parameter</entry>
                            <entry>OID Entry</entry>
                            <entry>OID Example</entry>
                            <entry>Description</entry>
                        </row>
                    </thead>
                    <tbody>
                        <row>
                            <entry>AlarmIndex</entry>
                            <entry>1</entry>
                            <entry>1.3.6.1.4.1.28458.2.78.5.6.9.1.1</entry>
                            <entry>Index of the alarm.</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>ObjectName</entry>
                            <entry>2</entry>
                            <entry>1.3.6.1.4.1.28458.2.78.5.6.9.1.2</entry>
                            <entry>
                                <p><codeph>&lt;host>+&lt;service>#&lt;system></codeph></p>
                                <p>The name of the object causing an alarm. The object should
                                    include the code module name (e.g. BalanceManager, RatingEngine,
                                    ServiceManager, SubscriberModel, etc.).</p>
                                <p>The Object is formatted as either:</p>
                                <p><codeph>&lt;LocalHostName>#&lt;system></codeph></p>
                                <p>or</p>
                                <p><codeph>&lt;LocalHostName>+&lt;AlarmInstance>#&lt;system></codeph></p>
                                <p><codeph>&lt;AlarmInstance></codeph> is only used when an
                                        <codeph>&lt;AlarmInstance></codeph> is applicable. For
                                    example, a network heartbeat alarm would set the AlarmInstance
                                    to be the name of the remote network element. All other alarms
                                    use the first format.</p>
                                <note>
                                    <p>If "AlarmInstance" is present, a "+" is used to separate the
                                        "LocalHostName" and the "AlarmInstance”.</p>
                                    <p>"LocalHostName will reflect the specific host within the NCC
                                        that reported the alarm, when applicable. A newly added
                                        system alarm may use the VNF Name in the host field.</p>
                                </note>
                            </entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>AlarmType</entry>
                            <entry>3</entry>
                            <entry>1.3.6.1.4.1.28458.2.78.5.6.9.1.3</entry>
                            <entry>
                                <p>The defined type of an alarm as defined in the X.733
                                    standard.</p>
                                <p>The list of key-value bindings for AlarmType is in the "Alarm
                                    types" table.</p>
                            </entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>AlarmTime</entry>
                            <entry>4</entry>
                            <entry>1.3.6.1.4.1.28458.2.78.5.6.9.1.4</entry>
                            <entry>The value of time in seconds since 00:00:00 UTC, January 1,
                                1970.</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>ProbableCause</entry>
                            <entry>5</entry>
                            <entry>1.3.6.1.4.1.28458.2.78.5.6.9.1.5</entry>
                            <entry>
                                <p>The name of the problem causing an alarm as defined in the X.733
                                    standard.</p>
                                <p>The list of key-value bindings for ProbableCause is in the "Alarm
                                    probable cause" table.</p>
                            </entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>SpecificProblem</entry>
                            <entry>6</entry>
                            <entry>1.3.6.1.4.1.28458.2.78.5.6.9.1.6</entry>
                            <entry>The alarm name. The SpecificProblems field further elaborates the
                                ProbableCause information supplied.</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>Severity</entry>
                            <entry>7</entry>
                            <entry>1.3.6.1.4.1.28458.2.78.5.6.9.1.7</entry>
                            <entry>
                                <p>The perceived severity of an alarm as defined in the X.733
                                    standard...</p>
                                <p>The list of key-value bindings for Severity is in the "Alarm
                                    severity" table.</p>
                            </entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>AdditionalText</entry>
                            <entry>9</entry>
                            <entry>1.3.6.1.4.1.28458.2.78.5.6.9.1.9</entry>
                            <entry>Alarm Data and any additional text provided.</entry>
                        </row>
                    </tbody>
                </tgroup>
            </table>
            <p>The following table describes additional alarm parameters without OIDs because NCC
                does not send/set values for these particular parameters.<table frame="all"
                    rowsep="1" colsep="1" id="table_ofh_sdd_xkb">
                    <title>Other Alarm parameters that are not set or sent by NCC</title>
                    <tgroup cols="2">
                        <colspec colname="c1" colnum="1" colwidth="1*"/>
                        <colspec colname="c2" colnum="2" colwidth="1*"/>
                        <thead>
                            <row>
                                <entry>Parameter</entry>
                                <entry>Description</entry>
                            </row>
                        </thead>
                        <tbody>
                            <row>
                                <entry>RepeatCount</entry>
                                <entry>0</entry>
                            </row>
                            <row>
                                <entry>AutoClearAlarm</entry>
                                <entry>False when alarm is automatically cleared.</entry>
                            </row>
                            <row>
                                <entry>OmdbKey</entry>
                                <entry>False when alarm is automatically cleared.</entry>
                            </row>
                            <row>
                                <entry>OmText</entry>
                                <entry>False when alarm is automatically cleared.</entry>
                            </row>
                            <row>
                                <entry>AlarmSource</entry>
                                <entry>False when alarm is automatically cleared.</entry>
                            </row>
                            <row>
                                <entry>AlarmUUID</entry>
                                <entry>False when alarm is automatically cleared.</entry>
                            </row>
                            <row>
                                <entry>containerFullName</entry>
                                <entry>The full name of the container in the format:
                                    extension.container_Name</entry>
                            </row>
                            <row>
                                <entry>VNFCFullName</entry>
                                <entry>The VNFC full name of the node that triggered the alarm. Only
                                    applies to cloud environments.</entry>
                            </row>
                            <row>
                                <entry>SystemName</entry>
                                <entry>
                                    <p>Name of the system in which the event occurred.</p>
                                    <p>For "system" alarms, they are about the NCC as a whole (e.g.
                                        Database failure due to too many DB nodes down). If this is
                                        a system alarm, the alarm component will use the VNF system
                                        name when reporting the alarm, as opposed to the node's host
                                        name that created the alarm.</p>
                                    <p>If the alarm is about a given node, the node's host name that
                                        created the alarm is given.</p>
                                </entry>
                            </row>
                            <row>
                                <entry>Acknowledgement</entry>
                                <entry>Acknowledgement of the status of the alarm.</entry>
                            </row>
                            <row>
                                <entry>AcknowledgementTime</entry>
                                <entry>Acknowledgement of the time of the alarm.</entry>
                            </row>
                        </tbody>
                    </tgroup>
                </table></p>
            <p>The following table lists alarm parameters, their corresponding representation in the
                OID, and the description of each parameter for NE3S on systems that use the newer
                NOKIA-ENHANCED-SNMP-SOLUTION-SUITE-ALARM-IRP MIB module, where the following is the
                OID for the noiAlarmId key in the ETCD
                database:<codeblock>1.3.6.1.4.1.94.7.1.4.2.1.1</codeblock></p>
            <table frame="all" rowsep="1" colsep="1" id="table_qmp_42d_xkb">
                <title>NE3S Alarm parameters</title>
                <tgroup cols="4">
                    <colspec colname="c1" colnum="1" colwidth="1*"/>
                    <colspec colname="c2" colnum="2" colwidth="1*"/>
                    <colspec colname="c3" colnum="3" colwidth="1*"/>
                    <colspec colname="c4" colnum="4" colwidth="1*"/>
                    <thead>
                        <row>
                            <entry>Parameters</entry>
                            <entry>OID Entry</entry>
                            <entry>OID Example</entry>
                            <entry>Description</entry>
                        </row>
                    </thead>
                    <tbody>
                        <row>
                            <entry>noiAlarmId</entry>
                            <entry>1</entry>
                            <entry>.1.3.6.1.4.1.94.7.1.4.2.1.1</entry>
                            <entry>This object represents the alarm identifier of an alarm in the
                                alarm table. It uniquely identifies an entry in the alarm table. The
                                alarmId object is read-only even though it is used as index in the
                                alarm table.</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>noiAlarmSystemDN</entry>
                            <entry>2</entry>
                            <entry>.1.3.6.1.4.1.94.7.1.4.2.1.2</entry>
                            <entry>This object represents the System Distinguished Name (SDN) of the
                                alarming object, which represents the faulty resource.</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>noiAlarmEventTime</entry>
                            <entry>3</entry>
                            <entry>.1.3.6.1.4.1.94.7.1.4.2.1.3</entry>
                            <entry>This object represents the event time, time of occurrence of the
                                event in the Network Element.</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>noiAlarmSpecificProblem</entry>
                            <entry>4</entry>
                            <entry>.1.3.6.1.4.1.94.7.1.4.2.1.4</entry>
                            <entry>This object represents the specific problem assigned to the fault
                                situation.</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>noiAlarmText</entry>
                            <entry>5</entry>
                            <entry>.1.3.6.1.4.1.94.7.1.4.2.1.5</entry>
                            <entry>This object represents the alarm text and contains basic
                                information on the fault.</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>noiAlarmPerceivedSeverity</entry>
                            <entry>6</entry>
                            <entry>.1.3.6.1.4.1.94.7.1.4.2.1.6</entry>
                            <entry>This object represents the perceived severity of the fault. Value
                                can be set to cleared by the manager to cancel the alarm.</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>noiAdditionalText</entry>
                            <entry>7</entry>
                            <entry>.1.3.6.1.4.1.94.7.1.4.2.1.7</entry>
                            <entry>This object represents the additional text and provides further
                                qualification on the fault.</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>noiAlarmProbableCause</entry>
                            <entry>8</entry>
                            <entry>.1.3.6.1.4.1.94.7.1.4.2.1.8</entry>
                            <entry>This object represents the probable cause of the alarm.</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>noiAlarmEventType</entry>
                            <entry>9</entry>
                            <entry>.1.3.6.1.4.1.94.7.1.4.2.1.9</entry>
                            <entry>This ojbect represents the event type.</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>noiAlarmNotificationId</entry>
                            <entry>10</entry>
                            <entry>.1.3.6.1.4.1.94.7.1.4.2.1.10</entry>
                            <entry>This object represents the notification identifier. It is a
                                unique value for a notification.</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>noiAckState</entry>
                            <entry>11</entry>
                            <entry>.1.3.6.1.4.1.94.7.1.4.2.1.11</entry>
                            <entry>This object represents the acknowledgement status of the alarm.
                                If the agent does not support the concept of acknowledgement, than
                                the value 'indeterminate' shall be used.</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>noiAckTime</entry>
                            <entry>12</entry>
                            <entry>.1.3.6.1.4.1.94.7.1.4.2.1.12</entry>
                            <entry>This object represent the time of the last modification of the
                                acknowledgement state of an alarm in the alarm table.</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>noiAlarmAckUserId</entry>
                            <entry>13</entry>
                            <entry>.1.3.6.1.4.1.94.7.1.4.2.1.13</entry>
                            <entry>This object represent the user who made the last modification of
                                the acknowledgement state of an alarm in the alarm table.</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>noiAlarmUUID</entry>
                            <entry>14</entry>
                            <entry>.1.3.6.1.4.1.94.7.1.4.2.1.14</entry>
                            <entry>This object represents the alarm string identifier of an alarm in
                                the alarm table. It uniquely identifies an alarm.</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>noiAlarmAdditionalText2</entry>
                            <entry>15</entry>
                            <entry>.1.3.6.1.4.1.94.7.1.4.2.1.15</entry>
                            <entry>This object represents the alarm additional text 2.</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>noiAlarmAdditionalText3</entry>
                            <entry>16</entry>
                            <entry>.1.3.6.1.4.1.94.7.1.4.2.1.16</entry>
                            <entry>This object represents the alarm additional text 3.</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>noiAlarmAdditionalText4</entry>
                            <entry>17</entry>
                            <entry>.1.3.6.1.4.1.94.7.1.4.2.1.17</entry>
                            <entry>This object represents the alarm additional text 4.</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>noiAlarmAdditionalText5</entry>
                            <entry>18</entry>
                            <entry>.1.3.6.1.4.1.94.7.1.4.2.1.18</entry>
                            <entry>This object represents the alarm additional text 5.</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>noiAlarmAdditionalText6</entry>
                            <entry>19</entry>
                            <entry>.1.3.6.1.4.1.94.7.1.4.2.1.19</entry>
                            <entry>This object represents the alarm additional text 6.</entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry>noiAlarmAdditionalText7</entry>
                            <entry>20</entry>
                            <entry>.1.3.6.1.4.1.94.7.1.4.2.1.20</entry>
                            <entry>This object represents the alarm additional text 7.</entry>
                        </row>
                    </tbody>
                </tgroup>
            </table>
            <p>The following table maps Nokia alarm type values to NE3S event types for the
                AlarmType parameter as defined in the supported MIB.<table frame="all" rowsep="1"
                    colsep="1" id="table_kpl_jgd_xkb">
                    <title>Alarm types</title>
                    <tgroup cols="5">
                        <colspec colname="c1" colnum="1" colwidth="1*"/>
                        <colspec colname="c2" colnum="2" colwidth="1*"/>
                        <colspec colname="c3" colnum="3" colwidth="1*"/>
                        <colspec colname="c4" colnum="4" colwidth="1*"/>
                        <colspec colname="c5" colnum="5" colwidth="1*"/>
                        <thead>
                            <row>
                                <entry>Nokia alarm type</entry>
                                <entry>Value</entry>
                                <entry>NE3S event type</entry>
                                <entry>Value</entry>
                                <entry>Description</entry>
                            </row>
                        </thead>
                        <tbody>
                            <row>
                                <entry>1</entry>
                                <entry>communicationAlarm</entry>
                                <entry>2</entry>
                                <entry>communicationAlarm</entry>
                                <entry>This alarm type is used when an object detects a
                                    communications error.</entry>
                            </row>
                            <row>
                                <entry>2</entry>
                                <entry>qualityOfServiceAlarm</entry>
                                <entry>11</entry>
                                <entry>qualityOfServiceAlarm</entry>
                                <entry>This alarm type is used to report a failure in the quality of
                                    service of a managed object.</entry>
                            </row>
                            <row>
                                <entry>3</entry>
                                <entry>processingErrorAlarm</entry>
                                <entry>5</entry>
                                <entry>integrityViolation</entry>
                                <entry>This alarm type is used to report an integrity violation in a
                                    managed object.</entry>
                            </row>
                            <row>
                                <entry>3</entry>
                                <entry>processingErrorAlarm</entry>
                                <entry>8</entry>
                                <entry>operationalViolation</entry>
                                <entry>This alarm type is used to report an operational violation in
                                    managed object.</entry>
                            </row>
                            <row>
                                <entry>3</entry>
                                <entry>processingErrorAlarm</entry>
                                <entry>9</entry>
                                <entry>physicalViolation</entry>
                                <entry>This alarm type is used to report a physical violation in a
                                    manged object</entry>
                            </row>
                            <row>
                                <entry>3</entry>
                                <entry>processingErrorAlarm</entry>
                                <entry>13</entry>
                                <entry>securityViolation</entry>
                                <entry>This alarm type is used to report a security violation in a
                                    managed object.</entry>
                            </row>
                            <row>
                                <entry>3</entry>
                                <entry>processingErrorAlarm</entry>
                                <entry>15</entry>
                                <entry>timeDomainViolation</entry>
                                <entry>This alarm type is used to report a time domain violation in
                                    a managed object.</entry>
                            </row>
                            <row>
                                <entry>4</entry>
                                <entry>equipmentAlarm</entry>
                                <entry>4</entry>
                                <entry>equipmentAlarm</entry>
                                <entry>This alarm type is used to report a failure in the
                                    equipment.</entry>
                            </row>
                            <row>
                                <entry>5</entry>
                                <entry>environmentalAlarm</entry>
                                <entry>3</entry>
                                <entry>environmentalAlarm</entry>
                                <entry>This alarm type is used to report a problem in the
                                    environment.</entry>
                            </row>
                        </tbody>
                    </tgroup>
                </table></p>
            <p>The following table lists key-value bindings for the Severity parameter as defined in
                the supported MIB.<table frame="all" rowsep="1" colsep="1" id="table_xs5_2hd_xkb">
                    <title>Alarm severity</title>
                    <tgroup cols="3">
                        <colspec colname="c1" colnum="1" colwidth="1*"/>
                        <colspec colname="c2" colnum="2" colwidth="1*"/>
                        <colspec colname="c3" colnum="3" colwidth="1*"/>
                        <thead>
                            <row>
                                <entry>Key</entry>
                                <entry>Value</entry>
                                <entry>Description</entry>
                            </row>
                        </thead>
                        <tbody>
                            <row>
                                <entry>3</entry>
                                <entry>critical</entry>
                                <entry>Requires immediate attention.</entry>
                            </row>
                            <row>
                                <entry>4</entry>
                                <entry>major</entry>
                                <entry>May require immediate attention.</entry>
                            </row>
                            <row>
                                <entry>5</entry>
                                <entry>minor</entry>
                                <entry>Repairs can be delayed.</entry>
                            </row>
                            <row>
                                <entry>1</entry>
                                <entry>cleared</entry>
                                <entry>A service affecting condition has cleared.</entry>
                            </row>
                            <row>
                                <entry>6</entry>
                                <entry>warning</entry>
                                <entry>A general interest event occurred.</entry>
                            </row>
                        </tbody>
                    </tgroup>
                </table></p>
            <p>The following table maps Nokia probable cause values to NE3S probable cause values
                for the ProbableCause parameter as defined in the supported MIB.<table frame="all"
                    rowsep="1" colsep="1" id="table_xbh_2jd_xkb">
                    <title>Alarm probable cause</title>
                    <tgroup cols="4">
                        <colspec colname="c1" colnum="1" colwidth="1*"/>
                        <colspec colname="c2" colnum="2" colwidth="1*"/>
                        <colspec colname="c3" colnum="3" colwidth="1*"/>
                        <colspec colname="c4" colnum="4" colwidth="1*"/>
                        <thead>
                            <row>
                                <entry>Nokia probable cause</entry>
                                <entry>Nokia Value</entry>
                                <entry>NE3S probable cause</entry>
                                <entry>NE3S Value</entry>
                            </row>
                        </thead>
                        <tbody>
                            <row>
                                <entry>1</entry>
                                <entry>adapterError</entry>
                                <entry>301</entry>
                                <entry>adapterError</entry>
                            </row>
                            <row>
                                <entry>2</entry>
                                <entry>applicationSubsystemFailure</entry>
                                <entry>302</entry>
                                <entry>applicationSubsystemFailure</entry>
                            </row>
                            <row>
                                <entry>3</entry>
                                <entry>bandwidthReduced</entry>
                                <entry>303</entry>
                                <entry>bandwidthReduction</entry>
                            </row>
                            <row>
                                <entry>4</entry>
                                <entry>callEstablishmentError</entry>
                                <entry>566</entry>
                                <entry>callEstablishmentError</entry>
                            </row>
                            <row>
                                <entry>5</entry>
                                <entry>communicationsProtocolError</entry>
                                <entry>305</entry>
                                <entry>communicationsProtocolError</entry>
                            </row>
                            <row>
                                <entry>6</entry>
                                <entry>communicationsSubsystemFailure</entry>
                                <entry>306</entry>
                                <entry>communicationsSubSystemFailure</entry>
                            </row>
                            <row>
                                <entry>7</entry>
                                <entry>configurationOrCustomizationError</entry>
                                <entry>307</entry>
                                <entry>configurationOrCustomizationError</entry>
                            </row>
                            <row>
                                <entry>8</entry>
                                <entry>congestion</entry>
                                <entry>308</entry>
                                <entry>congestion</entry>
                            </row>
                            <row>
                                <entry>9</entry>
                                <entry>corruptData</entry>
                                <entry>153</entry>
                                <entry>corruptDataM3100</entry>
                            </row>
                            <row>
                                <entry>10</entry>
                                <entry>cpuCyclesLimitExceeded</entry>
                                <entry>310</entry>
                                <entry>cpuCyclesLimitExceeded</entry>
                            </row>
                            <row>
                                <entry>11</entry>
                                <entry>dataSetOrModemError</entry>
                                <entry>311</entry>
                                <entry>dataSetOrModemError</entry>
                            </row>
                            <row>
                                <entry>12</entry>
                                <entry>degradedSignal</entry>
                                <entry>3</entry>
                                <entry>degradedSignalM3100</entry>
                            </row>
                            <row>
                                <entry>13</entry>
                                <entry>dTEdCEInterfaceError</entry>
                                <entry>313</entry>
                                <entry>dtedceInterfaceError</entry>
                            </row>
                            <row>
                                <entry>14</entry>
                                <entry>enclosureDoorOpen</entry>
                                <entry>118</entry>
                                <entry>enclosureDoorOpenM3100</entry>
                            </row>
                            <row>
                                <entry>15</entry>
                                <entry>equipmentMalfunction</entry>
                                <entry>315</entry>
                                <entry>equipmentMalfunction</entry>
                            </row>
                            <row>
                                <entry>16</entry>
                                <entry>excessiveVibration</entry>
                                <entry>316</entry>
                                <entry>excessiveVibration</entry>
                            </row>
                            <row>
                                <entry>17</entry>
                                <entry>fileError</entry>
                                <entry>317</entry>
                                <entry>fileError</entry>
                            </row>
                            <row>
                                <entry>18</entry>
                                <entry>fireDetected</entry>
                                <entry>120</entry>
                                <entry>fire</entry>
                            </row>
                            <row>
                                <entry>19</entry>
                                <entry>floodDetected</entry>
                                <entry>121</entry>
                                <entry>flood</entry>
                            </row>
                            <row>
                                <entry>20</entry>
                                <entry>framingError</entry>
                                <entry>5</entry>
                                <entry>framingErrorM3100</entry>
                            </row>
                            <row>
                                <entry>21</entry>
                                <entry>heatingOrVentillationOrCoolingSystemProblem</entry>
                                <entry>321</entry>
                                <entry>heatingOrVentilationOrCoolingSystemProblem</entry>
                            </row>
                            <row>
                                <entry>22</entry>
                                <entry>humidityUnacceptable</entry>
                                <entry>322</entry>
                                <entry>humidityUnacceptable</entry>
                            </row>
                            <row>
                                <entry>23</entry>
                                <entry>inputOutputDeviceError</entry>
                                <entry>323</entry>
                                <entry>inputOutputDeviceError</entry>
                            </row>
                            <row>
                                <entry>24</entry>
                                <entry>inputDeviceError</entry>
                                <entry>324</entry>
                                <entry>inputDeviceError</entry>
                            </row>
                            <row>
                                <entry>25</entry>
                                <entry>IANError</entry>
                                <entry>325</entry>
                                <entry>IANError</entry>
                            </row>
                            <row>
                                <entry>26</entry>
                                <entry>leakDetected</entry>
                                <entry>326</entry>
                                <entry>leakDetection</entry>
                            </row>
                            <row>
                                <entry>27</entry>
                                <entry>localNodeTransmissionError</entry>
                                <entry>327</entry>
                                <entry>localNodeTransmissionError</entry>
                            </row>
                            <row>
                                <entry>28</entry>
                                <entry>lossOfFrame</entry>
                                <entry>6</entry>
                                <entry>lossOfFrame</entry>
                            </row>
                            <row>
                                <entry>29</entry>
                                <entry>lossOfSignal</entry>
                                <entry>7</entry>
                                <entry>lossOfSignal</entry>
                            </row>
                            <row>
                                <entry>30</entry>
                                <entry>materialSupplyExhausted</entry>
                                <entry>330</entry>
                                <entry>materialSupplyExhausted</entry>
                            </row>
                            <row>
                                <entry>31</entry>
                                <entry>multiplexerProblem</entry>
                                <entry>56</entry>
                                <entry>multiplexerProblemM3100</entry>
                            </row>
                            <row>
                                <entry>32</entry>
                                <entry>outOfMemory</entry>
                                <entry>332</entry>
                                <entry>outOfMemory</entry>
                            </row>
                            <row>
                                <entry>33</entry>
                                <entry>outputDeviceError</entry>
                                <entry>333</entry>
                                <entry>outputDeviceError</entry>
                            </row>
                            <row>
                                <entry>34</entry>
                                <entry>performanceDegraded</entry>
                                <entry>334</entry>
                                <entry>performanceDegraded</entry>
                            </row>
                            <row>
                                <entry>35</entry>
                                <entry>powerProblem</entry>
                                <entry>58</entry>
                                <entry>powerProblemM3100</entry>
                            </row>
                            <row>
                                <entry>36</entry>
                                <entry>pressureUnacceptable</entry>
                                <entry>336</entry>
                                <entry>pressureUnacceptable</entry>
                            </row>
                            <row>
                                <entry>37</entry>
                                <entry>processorProblem</entry>
                                <entry>59</entry>
                                <entry>processorProblemM3100</entry>
                            </row>
                            <row>
                                <entry>38</entry>
                                <entry>pumpFailure</entry>
                                <entry>113</entry>
                                <entry>pumpFailurem3100</entry>
                            </row>
                            <row>
                                <entry>39</entry>
                                <entry>queueSizeExceeded</entry>
                                <entry>339</entry>
                                <entry>queueSizeExceeded</entry>
                            </row>
                            <row>
                                <entry>40</entry>
                                <entry>receiveFailure</entry>
                                <entry>340</entry>
                                <entry>receiveFailure</entry>
                            </row>
                            <row>
                                <entry>41</entry>
                                <entry>receiverFailure</entry>
                                <entry>61</entry>
                                <entry>receiverFailureM3100</entry>
                            </row>
                            <row>
                                <entry>42</entry>
                                <entry>remoteNodeTransmissionError</entry>
                                <entry>342</entry>
                                <entry>remoteNodeTransmissionError</entry>
                            </row>
                            <row>
                                <entry>43</entry>
                                <entry>resourceAtOrNearingCapacity</entry>
                                <entry>343</entry>
                                <entry>resourceAtOrNearingCapacity</entry>
                            </row>
                            <row>
                                <entry>44</entry>
                                <entry>responseTimeExcessive</entry>
                                <entry>344</entry>
                                <entry>responseTimeExcessive</entry>
                            </row>
                            <row>
                                <entry>45</entry>
                                <entry>retransmissionRateExcessive</entry>
                                <entry>345</entry>
                                <entry>retransmissionRateExcessive</entry>
                            </row>
                            <row>
                                <entry>46</entry>
                                <entry>softwareError</entry>
                                <entry>346</entry>
                                <entry>softwareError</entry>
                            </row>
                            <row>
                                <entry>47</entry>
                                <entry>softwareProgramAbnormallyTerminated</entry>
                                <entry>347</entry>
                                <entry>softwareProgramAbnormallyTerminated</entry>
                            </row>
                            <row>
                                <entry>48</entry>
                                <entry>softwareProgramError</entry>
                                <entry>348</entry>
                                <entry>softwareProgramError</entry>
                            </row>
                            <row>
                                <entry>49</entry>
                                <entry>storageCapacityProblem</entry>
                                <entry>151</entry>
                                <entry>storageCapacityProblemM3100</entry>
                            </row>
                            <row>
                                <entry>50</entry>
                                <entry>temperatureUnacceptable</entry>
                                <entry>350</entry>
                                <entry>temperatureUnacceptable</entry>
                            </row>
                            <row>
                                <entry>51</entry>
                                <entry>thresholdCrossed</entry>
                                <entry>351</entry>
                                <entry>thresholdCrossed</entry>
                            </row>
                            <row>
                                <entry>52</entry>
                                <entry>timingProblem</entry>
                                <entry>56</entry>
                                <entry>timingProblemM3100</entry>
                            </row>
                            <row>
                                <entry>53</entry>
                                <entry>toxicLeakDetected</entry>
                                <entry>353</entry>
                                <entry>toxicLeakDetected</entry>
                            </row>
                            <row>
                                <entry>54</entry>
                                <entry>transmitFailure</entry>
                                <entry>354</entry>
                                <entry>transmitFailure</entry>
                            </row>
                            <row>
                                <entry>55</entry>
                                <entry>transmitterFailure</entry>
                                <entry>67</entry>
                                <entry>transmitterFailureM3100</entry>
                            </row>
                            <row>
                                <entry>56</entry>
                                <entry>underlyingResourceUnavailable</entry>
                                <entry>356</entry>
                                <entry>underlyingResourceUnavailable</entry>
                            </row>
                            <row>
                                <entry>57</entry>
                                <entry>versionMismatch</entry>
                                <entry>357</entry>
                                <entry>versionMismatch</entry>
                            </row>
                            <row>
                                <entry>58</entry>
                                <entry>authenticationFailure</entry>
                                <entry>701</entry>
                                <entry>authenticationFailure</entry>
                            </row>
                            <row>
                                <entry>59</entry>
                                <entry>breachOfConfidentiality</entry>
                                <entry>702</entry>
                                <entry>breachOfConfidentiality</entry>
                            </row>
                            <row>
                                <entry>60</entry>
                                <entry>cableTamper</entry>
                                <entry>703</entry>
                                <entry>cableTamper</entry>
                            </row>
                            <row>
                                <entry>61</entry>
                                <entry>delayedInformation</entry>
                                <entry>704</entry>
                                <entry>delayedInformation</entry>
                            </row>
                            <row>
                                <entry>62</entry>
                                <entry>denialOfService</entry>
                                <entry>705</entry>
                                <entry>denialOfService</entry>
                            </row>
                            <row>
                                <entry>63</entry>
                                <entry>duplicateInformation</entry>
                                <entry>706</entry>
                                <entry>duplicateInformation</entry>
                            </row>
                            <row>
                                <entry>64</entry>
                                <entry>informationMissing</entry>
                                <entry>707</entry>
                                <entry>informationMissing</entry>
                            </row>
                            <row>
                                <entry>65</entry>
                                <entry>informationModificationDetected</entry>
                                <entry>708</entry>
                                <entry>informationModificationDetected</entry>
                            </row>
                            <row>
                                <entry>66</entry>
                                <entry>informationOutOfSequence</entry>
                                <entry>709</entry>
                                <entry>informationOutOfSequence</entry>
                            </row>
                            <row>
                                <entry>67</entry>
                                <entry>intrusionDetection</entry>
                                <entry>126</entry>
                                <entry>intrusionDetection</entry>
                            </row>
                            <row>
                                <entry>68</entry>
                                <entry>keyExpired</entry>
                                <entry>711</entry>
                                <entry>keyExpired</entry>
                            </row>
                            <row>
                                <entry>69</entry>
                                <entry>nonReudiationFailure</entry>
                                <entry>712</entry>
                                <entry>nonRepudiationFailure</entry>
                            </row>
                            <row>
                                <entry>70</entry>
                                <entry>outOfHoursActivity</entry>
                                <entry>713</entry>
                                <entry>outOfHoursActivity</entry>
                            </row>
                            <row>
                                <entry>71</entry>
                                <entry>outOfService</entry>
                                <entry>714</entry>
                                <entry>outOfService</entry>
                            </row>
                            <row>
                                <entry>72</entry>
                                <entry>proceduralError</entry>
                                <entry>715</entry>
                                <entry>proceduralError</entry>
                            </row>
                            <row>
                                <entry>73</entry>
                                <entry>unauthorizedAccessAttempt</entry>
                                <entry>716</entry>
                                <entry>unauthorizedAccessAttempt</entry>
                            </row>
                            <row>
                                <entry>74</entry>
                                <entry>unexpectedInformation</entry>
                                <entry>717</entry>
                                <entry>unexpectedInformation</entry>
                            </row>
                            <row>
                                <entry>75</entry>
                                <entry>unspecifiedReason</entry>
                                <entry>718</entry>
                                <entry>unspecifiedReason</entry>
                            </row>
                        </tbody>
                    </tgroup>
                </table></p>
        </section>
    </conbody>
</concept>
