<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="checking_logging_levels">
    <title>Changing the logging levels of NCC functions</title>
    <conbody>
        <section id="section_un3_l5x_nlb">
            <title>Overview</title>
            <p>This procedure is for changing the logging levels for the Java application and is not
                applicable to the database, CDR, or any /var/log/. Perform this procedure to modify
                the logging level of one or more NCC functions for troubleshooting purposes. See
                “Changing NCC logging levels”for information about the logging levels.<note>
                    <p>Lowering a logging level creates additional log entries and requires more
                        system resources, which can affect system performance. Ensure that you lower
                        the logging level for only the required functions and for only the time
                        required to collect the troubleshooting information.</p>
                    <p>For day-to-day operations, be sure to review the aggregated logs in the
                        AdminCLI /var/log/ directory rather than the logs on each node in the
                        /opt/tpa/log/ directory.</p>
                    <p>Modifications to the /opt/tpa/logs/log4j.xml file are not automatically
                        carried over during an upgrade. If you modify the log4j.xml file, after an
                        upgrade you must manually merge your changes from the previous
                        /opt//logs/log4j.xml file to the new /opt/ /logs/log4j.xml file.</p>
                    <p>Application logs INFO level and lower are sent to the OAM from the
                        application nodes.</p>
                </note></p>
        </section>
        <section id="section_efv_r5x_nlb">
            <title>Steps</title>
            <p>
                <ol id="ol_adl_s5x_nlb">
                    <li>Open a console window and log in as tpaadmin to the specific node where you
                        want to modify the log level.</li>
                    <li>Open the log4j.xml file in /opt/tpa/logs/ directory using a text
                        editor.</li>
                    <li>Perform any of the following:<ul id="ul_ubx_55x_nlb">
                            <li>To change the logging level for general NCC functions, replace
                                    <i>logging_level</i> in the following with the logging level
                                that you need, for example,
                                DEBUG.<codeblock>&lt;logger name="com.nokia.tpapps.">
&lt;level value="logging_level"/>
&lt;/logger></codeblock></li>
                            <li>To change the logging level for the Diameter protocol, replace
                                    <i>logging_level</i> in the following with the logging level
                                that you need, for example,
                                DEBUG.<codeblock>&lt;logger name="com.nokia.tpapps.diameter">
&lt;level value="logging_level"/>
&lt;/logger></codeblock></li>
                            <li>Restart the application server after modifying log4j.xml.</li>
                            <li>Save and close the log4j.xml file.</li>
                        </ul></li>
                </ol>
            </p>
        </section>
    </conbody>
</concept>
