<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="db-stats">
    <title>db-stats</title>
    <conbody>
        <section id="section_lnw_l1j_nlb">
            <title>Description</title>
            <p>This command displays Aerospike database statistics, including the number of records,
                memory usage, disk usage, local cluster data migration, and cross site data
                replication.</p>
            <p>There is a summary view that would be a typical starting point. There are also more
                verbose views available for drilling further into the per-node statistics.</p>
            <p>This tool can be executed on the AdminCLI pod at any time.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="section_es3_nbj_nlb">
            <title>Syntax</title>
            <p>
                <codeblock>db-stats -s &lt;set> [-i] [-c] [-o &lt;dir/file>]
db-stats -v &lt;stat_type> [-s &lt;set>] [-o &lt;dir/file>]
db-stats -l [-o &lt;dir/file>]</codeblock>
            </p>
            <p>
                <table frame="all" rowsep="1" colsep="1" id="table_jsw_zbj_nlb">
                    <tgroup cols="2">
                        <colspec colname="c1" colnum="1" colwidth="1*"/>
                        <colspec colname="c2" colnum="2" colwidth="1*"/>
                        <thead>
                            <row>
                                <entry>Option</entry>
                                <entry>Description</entry>
                            </row>
                        </thead>
                        <tbody>
                            <row>
                                <entry><codeph>No arguments</codeph></entry>
                                <entry>Displays usage/help information.</entry>
                            </row>
                            <row>
                                <entry><codeph>-h</codeph></entry>
                                <entry>Displays usage/help information.</entry>
                            </row>
                            <row>
                                <entry><codeph>-s &lt;set></codeph></entry>
                                <entry>Specifies the set (or table) to display, or all to display
                                    statistics for all sets.</entry>
                            </row>
                            <row>
                                <entry><codeph>-i</codeph></entry>
                                <entry>Include a count of total Inactive records
                                    (tombstoned).</entry>
                            </row>
                            <row>
                                <entry><codeph>-c</codeph></entry>
                                <entry>Configuration sets. The output will also include the
                                    site/system configuration data sets. This option can be used
                                    only with -s all and cannot be used with verbose mode. The
                                    results will be different depending on whether it is used on an
                                    ME or SM.</entry>
                            </row>
                            <row>
                                <entry><codeph>-l</codeph></entry>
                                <entry>Lists Session Counts. The operation may take a while to
                                    complete.</entry>
                            </row>
                            <row>
                                <entry><codeph>-o &lt;dir/file></codeph></entry>
                                <entry>Specifies the output directory and filename to append the DB
                                    stats output. This is written in append mode to enable a
                                    periodically-scheduled running of this command (e.g. daily) to
                                    form a historical view. For the current directory, use
                                    ./&lt;file></entry>
                            </row>
                            <row>
                                <entry><codeph>-v &lt;stat_type></codeph></entry>
                                <entry>
                                    <p>Verbose mode for a given stat type, showing stats for each
                                        node in the DB cluster.</p>
                                    <p>Note: For large DB clusters, the verbose output may be quite
                                        long.</p>
                                    <p>Stat type may be:<ul id="ul_yz3_dgj_nlb">
                                            <li>records: Record counts. When this stat type is used,
                                                the -s &lt;set> is also required.</li>
                                            <li>memory: Memory and disk usage.</li>
                                            <li>migrate: Local cluster data migration.</li>
                                            <li>repl: Cross site data replication.</li>
                                            <li>all: All of the above stat types, for -s all</li>
                                        </ul></p>
                                </entry>
                            </row>
                        </tbody>
                    </tgroup>
                </table>
            </p>
        </section>
        <section id="section_q4q_3gj_nlb">
            <title>Example Output</title>
            <p>The following explains the output of db-stats:<ul id="ul_fns_jgj_nlb">
                    <li><b>Record count summary:</b> Every record appears in the system two times
                        (replication factor is two). The total unique record counts shown take this
                        into account, and divides the total record counts by the replication factor
                        to display a total unique record count.</li>
                    <li>
                        <p><b>Namespace:</b> The record count summary has column headings for the
                            namespace of the various data sets.</p>
                        <p>Namespaces have the following meaning:<ul id="ul_mwd_ngj_nlb">
                                <li><b>spspd&lt;id>:</b> This namespace contains the NCC ME
                                    partitioned data that is replicated to one other NCC ME site in
                                    the network. Each namespace is replicated to a different NCC
                                    site.</li>
                                <li><b>spsglobal:</b> Data in this namespace is replicated to all
                                    other NCC MEs in the network. This namespace includes
                                    routing/mapping data for locating the Home NCC ME for any given
                                    record.</li>
                                <li><b>spslocal:</b> Data in this namespace is configured locally on
                                    this NCC and is not replicated to any other NCC sites.</li>
                                <li><b>sps:</b> Data in this namespace is configured on SM and
                                    pushed to NCC ME. It is not replicated to any other NCC
                                    sites.</li>
                            </ul></p>
                    </li>
                    <li><b>Unknown:</b> If a database node does not respond to the statistics query,
                        its status is displayed as Unknown. When this happens, the unique record
                        count totals are only approximate.</li>
                    <li><b>Grp:</b> DB nodes are grouped into two groups, with one copy of each
                        record existing in Group 1 and the other copy in Group 2.</li>
                    <li><b>Data migration:</b> When a database node cluster changes (e.g. a DB node
                        fails, or a DB node recovers, or a DB node is grown into the system), the
                        database may initiate automatic migration of replicated partitions amongst
                        the DB nodes in this local system to maintain the replication factor and the
                        balance across nodes. During this migration period, the unique record count
                        totals are only approximate and are likely underestimated.</li>
                    <li><b>Data migration, Xmit:</b> Total number of partitions pending to be sent
                        out to others from this node. Will be 0 in a normal steady state.</li>
                    <li><b>Data migration, Rcv:</b> Total number of partitions being received from
                        other nodes at this moment. Will be 0 in a normal steady state.</li>
                    <li><b>Total Unique Records:</b> The number of unique records, which in a normal
                        system in steady state, is equal to the total records divided by the
                        replication factor. (For example, if there are 1,000 total records and the
                        replication factor is 2, then the actual number of unique records is 500,
                        with there being 2 copies of each record).</li>
                    <li><b>Active Records:</b> The number of unique active records. Active records
                        are the only ones that are visible and accessible to provisioning and
                        application processing. (Active records are those that have not been
                        recently deleted and therefore do not have any temporary tombstone records
                        remaining in the database).</li>
                    <li><b>Inactive Records:</b> The number of unique inactive records. These are
                        records which have been deleted but for which a tombstone remains in the
                        system.</li>
                    <li>
                        <p><b>Cross site data replication:</b> This is the replication of data
                            across NCC systems in the operator network. Various metrics are reported
                            for this replication, including:</p>
                        <p><b>System metrics:</b><ul id="ul_agm_xqj_nlb">
                                <li><b>Digest log records:</b> Number of records logged into digest
                                    log.</li>
                                <li><b>Digest log free %:</b> Percentage of the digest log free and
                                    available for use.</li>
                                <li><b>Digest log relogged:</b> Number of records relogged into the
                                    digest log due to temporary issues when attempting to ship.</li>
                            </ul></p>
                        <p><b>Metrics per remote data center:</b><ul id="ul_rss_brj_nlb">
                                <li><b>State of the remote DC:</b> Values can include UP, DOWN,
                                    INACTIVE, or WINDOW_SHIP.</li>
                                <li><b>In flight:</b> Number of records that are in flight (which
                                    have been shipped but for which a response from the remote DC
                                    has not yet been received).</li>
                                <li><b>Ship ok (K):</b> Number of records that have been
                                    successfully shipped, in thousands.</li>
                                <li><b>Ship err dest:</b> Number of errors from the remote
                                    destination cluster(s) while shipping records for this DC.
                                    Errors include out-of-space, key-busy, etc.</li>
                                <li><b>Ship err src:</b> Number of client layer errors while
                                    shipping records for this DC. Errors include timeout, bad
                                    network fd, etc.</li>
                                <li><b>Ship (MB):</b> Number of Megabytes successfully shipped.</li>
                                <li><b>Time lag:</b> Time lag for this specific DC. The timelag
                                    represents the time (in seconds) it took the latest successfully
                                    shipped record from the moment it was first written at the
                                    source until it was successfully shipped to the destination
                                    cluster. Another way of saying this is the difference between
                                    the current time and the times stamp of the record which was
                                    last successfully shipped (each record written at the source is
                                    time stamped as it gets written into the replication digestlog).
                                    When having multiple destination DCs, this represents the
                                    maximum time lag across all those remote DCs. Under normal
                                    operations, though, the timelag for each DC will be the same,
                                    given that the DB ships records in lock-step. The timelag at
                                    each DC would be different when a DC is down or in the
                                    CLUSTER_WINDOW_ SHIP state.</li>
                                <li><b>Avg latency:</b> Moving average latency in milliseconds to
                                    ship a record to remote NCC sites.</li>
                            </ul></p>
                    </li>
                </ul></p>
        </section>
        <section id="section_yzj_nrj_nlb">
            <title>Example: Normal default db-stats (summary mode)</title>
            <p>This example shows the default summary view of the DB statistics. If any stats look
                unusual, another db-stats command can be run in verbose mode for the given stats
                type.<codeblock>db-stats -s all
DB CLUSTER INFO
-------------------------
Total DB nodes: 4
DB nodes responding: 4
ACTIVE RECORDS SUMMARY
----------------------
Set Total spspd100 spspd101 spspd102 spspd103
---------------------------------------------------------------------
clubInfreq 5,075,450 970,736 702,021 903,098 914,153
msisdn 10 10 0 0 0
clubDynamic 5,258,152 931,485 905,635 769,526 738,978
tem 2,128,712 337,534 423,106 277,482 240,704
Set (in namespace: dscglobal) Total
------------------------------------------
accountMap 9,310,499
imsiDevMap 999,999
msisdnDevMap 25,819,909
Set (in namespace: spsundologs) Total
---------------------------------------
account 900,999
DB MEMORY AND DISK
--------------------
NameSpace Total Mem (MB) Free Mem (%) Total Free
Disk (MB) Disk
(%)
----------------------------------------------------------------------------
dsclocal Min reported 21,845 99 131,070 99
Max reported 21,845 99 131,070 99
spspd100 Min reported 21,845 99 131,070 99
Max reported 21,845 99 131,070 99
dscglobal Min reported 21,845 89 131,070 96
Max reported 21,845 89 131,070 96
dsc Min reported 21,845 99 131,070 99
Max reported 21,845 99 131,070 99
spspd103 Min reported 21,845 99 131,070 99
Max reported 21,845 99 131,070 99
spspd101 Min reported 21,845 99 131,070 99
Max reported 21,845 99 131,070 99
spspd102 Min reported 21,845 99 131,070 99
Max reported 21,845 99 131,070 99
spsundologs Min reported 10 100 0 0
Max reported 10 100 0 0
LOCAL CLUSTER DATA MIGRATION
------------------------------
Migration in progress NO
CROSS SITE DATA REPLICATION
-----------------------------
Digest log records
Min reported 796
Max reported 1071
Digest log free %
Min reported 11
Max reported 34
Digest log relogged
Min reported 0
Max reported 30
DC Metrics sps3 sps2
------------------------------------
State
# UP 4 2
# Other 0 2
In flight
Min reported 0 0
Max reported 0 0
Ship ok (K)
Min reported 0 0
Max reported 3537491 3537491
Ship err dest
Min reported 0 0
Max reported 0 0
Ship err src
Min reported 0 0
Max reported 0 30
Ship (MB)
Min reported 0 0
Max reported 489 489
Time lag (ms)
Min reported 0 0
Max reported 88844 88844
Avg latency (ms)
Min reported 0 0
Max reported 0 0
</codeblock></p>
        </section>
        <section id="section_jzn_syq_cmb">
            <title>Example: Include inactive record counts</title>
            <p>
                <codeblock>db-stats -s all -i
DB CLUSTER INFO
-------------------------
Total DB nodes: 4
DB nodes responding: 4
ACTIVE RECORDS SUMMARY
----------------------
Set Total spspd100 spspd101 spspd102 spspd103
-------------------------------------------------------------------
tem 2,128,712 337,534 423,106 277,482 240,704
clubInfreq 5,075,450 970,736 702,021 903,098 914,153
clubDynamic 5,258,152 931,485 905,635 769,526 738,978
Set (in namespace: dscglobal) Total
-----------------------------------------
accountMap 9,310,499
imsiDevMap 999,999
msisdnDevMap 5,819,910
INACTIVE (TOMBSTONE) RECORDS SUMMARY
------------------------------------
Set Total spspd100 spspd101 spspd102 spspd103
---------------------------------------------------------------
tem 0 0 0 0 0
clubInfreq 0 0 0 0 0
clubDynamic 0 0 0 0 0
Set (in namespace: dscglobal) Total
-------------------------------------
accountMap 0
imsiDevMap 0
msisdnDevMap 0
rest is the same as default.</codeblock>
            </p>
        </section>
        <section id="section_rkc_5yq_cmb">
            <title>Example: Include the local system/configuration data run on an ME</title>
            <p>
                <note>The -c option must be included in the “db-stats -s all -c” command to make the
                    information viewable.</note>
                <codeblock>db-stats -s all -c
DB CLUSTER INFO
-------------------------
Total DB nodes: 4
DB nodes responding: 4
ACTIVE RECORDS SUMMARY
----------------------
Set Total spspd100 spspd101 spspd102 spspd103
-------------------------------------------------------------------
tem 2,128,712 337,534 423,106 277,482 240,704
clubInfreq 5,075,450 970,736 702,021 903,098 914,153
clubDynamic 5,258,152 931,485 905,635 769,526 738,978
Set (in namespace: dscglobal) Total
-----------------------------------------
accountMap 9,310,499
imsiDevMap 999,999
msisdnDevMap 5,819,910
Set (in namespace: dsc) Total
------------------------------------
User 0
TypeConverter 0
SpsRoamingPartners 1
SlicingProfile 0
AuditBatchAssignment 0
CategoryOrder 1
Group 0
SpsHomeNetworkInfo 1
GroupAccount 0
CounterInstance 0
ToolsConfig 1
Session 0
WNGCongestionAlert 0
DdmappsDestination 0
AccountUser 0
SnmpTarget 0
NASProfile 0
RestWebServer 0
DiameterIdentity 2
CounterDefinition 0
RxAFSession 0
RadiusHostCluster 0
PCRFRuleSystemVersion 1
CmsChassis 1
Bucket 0
Counter 0
OCSSubscriber 0
Bundle 0
EmailServer 0
Subscription 0
DiscountDefinition 0
SpsRoamingAgreements 1
EntityCounterInstance 0
ChargingService 0
ComMetric 0
DdmappsIdentityMappings 1
ChargingRulesReloadDetector 1
NotificationProfile 0
DdmappsSubscriberGroup 0
DiamClientCfg 2
Device 0
NASCluster 0
DbChgNotifSubs 1
Report 0
Account 0
SmsServer 0
WebServer 0
CommonCountableEventTotal 0
NotifAppData 0
UnitType 0
ThresholdProfileGroup 0
CommonCountableEvent 0
SubscriberDevice 0
FloatingIps 2
SubscriberUser 0
SySession 0
DiameterPeer 1
TariffPlanDefinition 0
SessionContainer 0
CustomDataDictionary 0
CustomDataProfile 0
XMPPServer 0
ExternalSystem 0
BucketInstance 0
Job 0
CmsGeoSite 1
UrbanAirshipServer 0
ClassOfServiceParameters 0
DiamRouteDeprioritization 0
DdmappsIdentityToDestination 0
DDMIndexedStrKey 0
Set (in namespace: dsclocal) Total
---------------------------------------------
DiameterConfig 1
DiamPeerConnectionProfile 0
TPASystem 1
DiamRouteCfg 2
DdmappsTopologyHidingConfig 1
DdmappsThrottlingProfile 0
DDMPluginsCfgCont 1
DdmappsRoutingProfile 0
DdmappsDownstreamOverloadProfile 0
DDMLBConfig 1
ComMetricConfig 1
DdmappsRoutingConfig 1
DiameterLatencyThresholdsProfile 0
TPAUserRole 1
LifeCycle 6
CommonCountableEventConfigContainer 1
DDMRuleSystemVersion 1
DdmappsOverloadSheddingProfile 0
DiamPeerCfg 3
DDMGlblVarCfg 1
HostRouteCfg 2
DiamPeerAddrGrpCfg 1
LifeCycleState 16
CommonCpuUsageThresholdsProfile 0
DdmappsOverloadProtectionConfig 1
DestMonitorConfig 0
DdmappsSiteRoutingProfile 0
TimePeriod 0
TPAUser 1
DdmappsThrottlingConfig 1
DdmappsSLFConfig 1
DdmappsMsgValidationConfig 1
CommonOverloadConfig 1
DiameterMessageCountThresholdsProfile 0
DiamRouteProfile 1
LifeCycleTransition 21
DdmappsDownstreamOverloadConfig 1
DdmappsTracingConfig 0
Rest is same as default.</codeblock>
            </p>
        </section>
        <section id="section_tkr_wyq_cmb">
            <title>Example: To show a local summary run on an SM</title>
            <p>
                <note>The -c option must be included in the “db-stats -s all -c” command to make the
                    summary information visible.</note>
                <note>The summary of the statistics will include the system/configuration
                    data.</note>
                <codeblock>db-stats -s all -c
DB CLUSTER INFO
-------------------------
Total DB nodes: 4
DB nodes responding: 4
ACTIVE RECORDS SUMMARY
----------------------
N/A, no spspd* namespace has been configured or no data sets for spspd*
namespace.
Set (in namespace: dscglobal) Total
-----------------------------------------
DiameterIdentity 0
Set (in namespace: dsc) Total
------------------------------------
SmOverloadProtectionConfig 0
NASProfile 0
Account 0
SmReportService 2
SmESMTemplate 0
SpsRoamingAgreements 0
ExternalSystem 0
SmTriggerPricePlanMapKeys 1
SmCampaignSelectionRule 0
SmTCPServer 0
RadiusHostCluster 0
SmRestServer 0
SmHostDestinationRouteConfig 0
SpsRoamingPartners 0
SmCESubscriber 0
SmCategoryOrder 0
SmAPIHandlerPolicy 0
SmOverloadSheddingProfile 0
SmChargingRules 0
DDMIndexedStrKey 0
AuditBatchAssignment 0
SmDiameterPeerConfig 0
SmCESubscriberState 0
SmExecutionFlow 0
NASCluster 0
SmSoapServer 0
SmPeerConnectionProfile 0
CmsGeoSite 0
SmWhiteList 0
SmRoutingConfig 0
SnmpTarget 0
SmCap 0
SmChargingService 0
SmCEPropertyFile 5
Group 0
SmCounter 2
CounterInstance 0
SmArmingPolicy 0
SmServiceTag 0
ToolsConfig 0
SmThresholdProfileGroup 0
SmSmppServer 0
SmExternalSystem 0
SmThrottlingConfig 0
SmAccount 0
SmRoutingProfile 0
SmRSRules 0
SmService 0
SmUsageControlService 0
SmDiameterRules 0
SmHomeNetworkInfo 0
DiamRouteDeprioritization 0
SmSubscription 0
SmThresholdProfile 0
SmReloadStatus 0
CmsChassis 0
CommonCountableEvent 0
SmRoutingPluginConfig 0
SmSiteRoutingProfile 0
SmNotificationTemplate 3
SmESMCustomData 0
SmComplexMapEntry 0
SmRSExternalSystem 0
SmExtSystemRef 0
SmTriggerMap 0
SmThrottlingProfile 0
CommonCountableEventTotal 0
SmPricePlan 0
SmCEGroupState 0
SubscriberDevice 0
SmRouteQualityProfile 0
SmDevice 0
SmCustomData 0
SmServiceThresholdPolicy 0
SmCEGroup 0
SmNotificationProfile 0
SmUser 0
SmRadiusServer 0
SmRate 0
SmDownstreamOverloadProfile 0
SpsHomeNetworkInfo 0
SmComplexMapDefinition 0
SmTrigger 0
SmDownstreamOverloadConfig 0
SmESMTaskItems 0
SmPricePlanMap 0
SmOperator 0
SmGoogleServer 0
ComMetric 0
SmTcpIpOutboundServer 0
SmBundle 0
SmDiameterPeerWhiteList 0
SmMessageValidationConfig 0
SmUnit 10
SmAppleServerRegistration 0
SmRole 0
SmPrivateProfile 0
SmCampaign 0
SubscriberUser 0
SmTracingProfile 0
SmLifeCycle 4
SmGroup 0
SmServiceCategory 0
SmPolicyRules 0
SmAppPreference 9
SmSlicingProfile 0
SmServiceOfferSelectionRule 0
SmDiamPeerAddrGrpCfg 2
SmExternalBalanceManager 0
SmSubscriberEntityCount 0
SmEmailServer 0
Set (in namespace: dsclocal) Total
---------------------------------------------
DiamRouteProfile 0
LifeCycle 3
DiameterMessageCountThresholdsProfile 0
CustomDataDictionary 0
CommonOverloadConfig 0
DiamPeerAddrGrpCfg 0
SmMEStatus 0
ChargingService 0
TPAUserRole 0
Counter 0
LifeCycleTransition 14
UnitType 0
CommonCpuUsageThresholdsProfile 0
DiameterConfig 0
SmManagedElement 0
CommonCountableEventConfigContainer 0
TPASystem 0
DDMGlblVarCfg 0
SlicingProfile 0
UsageControlService 0
DiameterLatencyThresholdsProfile 0
ChargingRulesReloadDetector 0
Report 0
Bundle 0
Rate 0
TimePeriod 0
DiamPeerCfg 0
PCRFRulesReloadDetector 0
TypeConverter 0
DiamPeerConnectionProfile 0
Bucket 0
EntityCommonTemplate 0
LifeCycleState 10
DbChgNotifSubs 0
TPAUser 0
DiamPeerStatus 0
ThresholdProfileGroup 0
CategoryOrder 0
DB MEMORY AND DISK
--------------------
NameSpace Total Mem (MB) Free Mem (%) Total Disk
(MB) Free Disk (%)
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
dsclocal Min reported 200 99
1,200 99
Max reported 200 99
1,200 99
dscglobal Min reported 10
99 60 100
Max reported 10
99 60 100
dsc Min reported 1,024 99
6,144 99
Max reported 1,024 99
6,144 99
spsundologs Min reported 200
100 0 0
Max reported 200
100 0 0
LOCAL CLUSTER DATA MIGRATION
------------------------------
Migration in progress NO
CROSS SITE DATA REPLICATION
-----------------------------
N/A, no cross data center replication has been configured</codeblock>
            </p>
        </section>
        <section id="section_gwt_1zq_cmb">
            <title>Example: Verbose mode for “records” stat type, for all sets</title>
            <p>This example shows a verbose view of the total records on each DB node. The record
                counts are for all data sets in the “spsglobal” namespace and the various “spspd”
                        namespaces.<note><codeph>db-stats -v records -s all -c</codeph> is not
                    supported by the db-stats tool where the ‘c’ option is used to list local
                    configuration data
                records.</note><codeblock>db-stats -v records -s all
DB CLUSTER INFO
-------------------------
Total DB nodes: 4
DB nodes responding: 4
ACTIVE RECORDS SUMMARY FOR SET: all
Grp Node Total spsglobal spsundologs spspd(all)
-------------------------------------------------------------------------
2 135.121.42.126 11,841,714 8,736,179 0 3,105,535
1 135.121.42.119 12,301,359 9,072,938 0 3,228,421
1 135.121.42.120 12,190,304 8,992,264 0 3,198,040
2 135.121.42.121 12,649,949 9,329,023 0 3,320,926
-------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total 48,983,326 36,130,404 0 12,852,922
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------</codeblock></p>
        </section>
        <section id="section_qly_dzq_cmb">
            <title>Example: Verbose mode for “records” stat type, for a specific set in spsglobal
                namespace</title>
            <p>This example shows a verbose view of the total records on each DB node. The record
                counts are for one specific data set in the “spspd” namespaces. There can be from 1
                to 5 of the spspd namespaces, depending on the network deployment
                configuration.<codeblock>db-stats -v records -s clubDynamic
DB CLUSTER INFO
-------------------------
Total DB nodes: 4
DB nodes responding: 4
ACTIVE RECORDS SUMMARY FOR SET: clubDynamic
Grp Node Total spspd100 spspd101 spspd102 spspd103
-------------------------------------------------------------------------
2 135.121.42.126 1,269,352 224,824 218,547 185,849 178,503
2 135.121.42.121 1,359,722 240,918 234,270 198,914 190,
986
1 135.121.42.120 1,306,769 231,486 225,033 191,275 183,
632
1 135.121.42.119 1,322,304 234,256 227,784 193,487 185,857</codeblock></p>
        </section>
        <section id="section_y5r_fzq_cmb">
            <title>Example: Verbose mode for “memory” stat type </title>
            <p>This example shows a verbose view of memory and disk usage for each of the DB nodes
                in the local
                cluster.<codeblock>db-stats -v memory
DB CLUSTER INFO
-------------------------
Total DB nodes: 4
DB nodes responding: 4
DB MEMORY AND DISK
-------------------
Grp Node Namespace Total Mem (MB) Free Total
Free Mem
(%) Disk(MB) Disk (%)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------
1 135.121.42.119 dsclocal 21,845 99 131,070
99
1 135.121.42.119 spspd103 21,845 99 131,070
99
1 135.121.42.119 spspd102 21,845 99 131,070
99
1 135.121.42.119 spspd101 21,845 99 131,070
99
1 135.121.42.119 spspd100 21,845 99 131,070
99
1 135.121.42.119 dscglobal 21,845 95 131,070
98
1 135.121.42.119 dsc 21,845 99 131,070
99
1 135.121.42.120 dsclocal 21,845 99 131,070
99
1 135.121.42.120 spspd103 21,845 99 131,070
99
1 135.121.42.120 spspd102 21,845 99 131,070
99
1 135.121.42.120 spspd101 21,845 99 131,070
99
1 135.121.42.120 spspd100 21,845 99 131,070
99
1 135.121.42.120 dscglobal 21,845 95 131,070
98
1 135.121.42.120 dsc 21,845 99 131,070
99
2 135.121.42.121 dsclocal 21,845 99 131,070
99
2 135.121.42.121 spspd103 21,845 99 131,070
99
2 135.121.42.121 spspd102 21,845 99 131,070
99
2 135.121.42.121 spspd101 21,845 99 131,070
99
2 135.121.42.121 spspd100 21,845 99 131,070
99
2 135.121.42.121 dscglobal 21,845 95 131,070
98
2 135.121.42.121 dsc 21,845 99 131,070
99
2 135.121.42.126 dsclocal 21,845 99 131,070
99
2 135.121.42.126 spspd103 21,845 99 131,070
99
2 135.121.42.126 spspd102 21,845 99 131,070
99
2 135.121.42.126 spspd101 21,845 99 131,070
99
2 135.121.42.126 spspd100 21,845 99 131,070
99
2 135.121.42.126 dscglobal 21,845 95 131,070
98
2 135.121.42.126 dsc 21,845 99 131,070
99</codeblock></p>
        </section>
        <section id="section_yyn_hzq_cmb">
            <title>Example: Verbose mode for “migrate” stat type</title>
            <p>This example shows a verbose view of local cluster data migration for each of the DB
                nodes.<codeblock>db-stats -v migrate
DB CLUSTER INFO
-------------------------
Total DB nodes: 4
DB nodes responding: 3
Not responding IP:
135.121.42.126
LOCAL CLUSTER DATA MIGRATION
----------------------------
Grp Node Xmit Rcv
----------------------------------------
1 135.121.42.119 1 0
1 135.121.42.120 2 0
2 135.121.42.121 3 2
135.121.42.126 Unknown Unknown
</codeblock></p>
        </section>
        <section id="section_p2l_3zq_cmb">
            <title>Example: Verbose mode for “repl” stat type</title>
            <p>This example shows a verbose view of the cross site data replication as reported by
                each of the DB
                nodes.<codeblock>db-stats -v repl
DB CLUSTER INFO
-------------------------
Total DB nodes: 4
DB nodes responding: 4
CROSS SITE DATA REPLICATION
---------------------------------------------------------
Digest Log
Grp Node Records Free % Relogged
---------------------------------------------------------
1 135.121.42.119 1183 2 0
1 135.121.42.120 814 33 0
2 135.121.42.121 1196 1 0
2 135.121.42.126 934 23 0
CROSS SITE DATA REPLICATION
-----------------------------
Ship errors: destination
Grp Node sps3 sps2
-------------------------------------------------------
1 135.121.42.119 0 0
1 135.121.42.120 0 0
2 135.121.42.121 0 0
2 135.121.42.126 0 0
Time Lag (ms)
Grp Node sps3 sps2
--------------------------------------------
1 135.121.42.119 0 0
1 135.121.42.120 2 2
2 135.121.42.121 0 0
2 135.121.42.126 1 1
ship ok(k)
Grp Node sps3 sps2
-------------------------------------------
1 135.121.42.119 39245 39245
1 135.121.42.120 34774 34774
2 135.121.42.121 37208 37208
2 135.121.42.126 36402 36402
ship errors: source
Grp Node sps3 sps2
--------------------------------------------------
1 135.121.42.119 0 0
1 135.121.42.120 0 0
2 135.121.42.121 0 0
2 135.121.42.126 0 0
State
Grp Node sps3 sps2
------------------------------------------------
1 135.121.42.119 UP UP
1 135.121.42.120 UP UP
2 135.121.42.121 UP UP
2 135.121.42.126 UP UP
Avg latency (ms)
Grp Node sps3 sps2
-----------------------------------------------
1 135.121.42.119 0 0
1 135.121.42.120 0 0
2 135.121.42.121 0 0
2 135.121.42.126 0 0
In Flight
Grp Node sps3 sps2
----------------------------------------
1 135.121.42.119 0 0
1 135.121.42.120 0 0
2 135.121.42.121 0 0
2 135.121.42.126 0 0
ship (MB)
Grp Node sps3 sps2
----------------------------------------
1 135.121.42.119 5 5
1 135.121.42.120 4 4
2 135.121.42.121 5 5
2 135.121.42.126 5 5
</codeblock></p>
        </section>
        <section id="section_d1l_kzq_cmb">
            <title>Example: Summary db-stats with one or more DB nodes not responding</title>
            <p>This example shows the default summary view of the DB statistics, when one or more DB
                nodes did not respond to the data query (e.g. the node may be out-of-service). The
                list of non-responding nodes is
                displayed.<codeblock>db-stats -s all -i
DB CLUSTER INFO
-------------------------
Total DB nodes: 4
DB nodes responding: 3
Not responding IP:
135.121.42.126
ACTIVE RECORDS SUMMARY
----------------------
Set Total spspd100 spspd101 spspd102 spspd103
-------------------------------------------------------------------
tem 1,946,925 280,204 418,148 277,090 240,675
clubInfreq 4,676,173 805,535 693,711 901,841 914,025
clubDynamic 4,851,817 773,336 895,001 768,458 738,864
Set (in namespace: dscglobal) Total
-----------------------------------------
accountMap 7,059,289
imsiDevMap 758,439
msisdnDevMap 4,412,409
INACTIVE (TOMBSTONE) RECORDS SUMMARY
------------------------------------
Set Total spspd100 spspd101 spspd102 spspd103
----------------------------------------------------------------
tem 0 0 0 0 0
clubInfreq 0 0 0 0 0
clubDynamic 0 0 0 0 0
Set (in namespace: dscglobal) Total
-------------------------------------
accountMap 0
imsiDevMap 0
msisdnDevMap 0
</codeblock></p>
        </section>
        <section id="section_exc_mzq_cmb">
            <title>Example: Verbose db-stats with one or more DB nodes not responding</title>
            <p>This example shows a verbose view of the DB statistics, when one or more DB nodes did
                not respond to the data query (e.g. the node may be out-of-service). The list of
                non-responding nodes is displayed. The verbose stats display indicates Unknown stats
                for the non-responding
                nodes.<codeblock>db-stats -v all
DB CLUSTER INFO
-------------------------
Total DB nodes: 4
DB nodes responding: 3
Not responding IP:
135.121.42.126
DB MEMORY AND DISK
-------------------
Grp Node Namespace Total Free Total Disk Free
Mem (MB) Mem (%) Disk (MB) Disk
(%)
----------------------------------------------------------------------------
1 135.121.42.119 dsclocal 21,845 99
131,070 99
1 135.121.42.119 spspd103 21,845 99
131,070 99
1 135.121.42.119 spspd102 21,845 99
131,070 99
1 135.121.42.119 spspd101 21,845 99
131,070 99
1 135.121.42.119 spspd100 21,845 99
131,070 99
1 135.121.42.119 dscglobal 21,845 95
131,070 98
1 135.121.42.119 dsc 21,845 99
131,070 99
1 135.121.42.120 dsclocal
21,845 131,070 99
1 135.121.42.120 spspd103 21,845 99
131,070 99
1 135.121.42.120 spspd102 21,845 99
131,070 99
1 135.121.42.120 spspd101 21,845 99
131,070 99
1 135.121.42.120 spspd100
21,845 131,070 99
1 135.121.42.120 dscglobal 21,845 95
131,070 98
1 135.121.42.120 dsc 21,845 99
131,070 99
2 135.121.42.121 dsclocal 21,845 99
131,070 99
2 135.121.42.121 spspd103
21,845 131,070 99
2 135.121.42.121 spspd102 21,845 98
131,070 99
2 135.121.42.121 spspd101 21,845 98
131,070 99
2 135.121.42.121 spspd100 21,845 98
131,070 99
2 135.121.42.121 dscglobal 21,845 95
131,070 98
2 135.121.42.121 dsc 21,845 99
131,070 99
135.121.42.126 Unknown Unknown Unknown
Unknown
LOCAL CLUSTER DATA MIGRATION
----------------------------
Grp Node Xmit Rcv
----------------------------------------
1 135.121.42.119 3 2
1 135.121.42.120 4 2
2 135.121.42.121 5 4
135.121.42.126 Unknown Unknown
** These totals are only approximate, as one or more DB nodes did not
reply.
** These totals may be under-estimated, as there are data migrations in
progress.
CROSS SITE DATA REPLICATION
---------------------------------------------------------
Digest Log
Grp Node Records Free % Relogged
---------------------------------------------------------
1 135.121.42.119 83 94 0
1 135.121.42.120 14 99 0
2 135.121.42.121 96 92 0
CROSS SITE DATA REPLICATION
-----------------------------
Ship errors: destination
Grp Node sps3 sps2
-------------------------------------------------------
1 135.121.42.119 0 0
1 135.121.42.120 0 0
2 135.121.42.121 0 0
Time Lag (ms)
Grp Node sps3 sps2
--------------------------------------------
1 135.121.42.119 0 0
1 135.121.42.120 0 0
2 135.121.42.121 0 0
ship ok(k)
Grp Node sps3 sps2
-----------------------------------------
1 135.121.42.119 83 83
1 135.121.42.120 14 14
2 135.121.42.121 96 96
ship errors: source
Grp Node sps3 sps2
--------------------------------------------------
1 135.121.42.119 0 0
1 135.121.42.120 0 0
2 135.121.42.121 0 0
State
Grp Node sps3 sps2
------------------------------------------------
1 135.121.42.119 UP UP
1 135.121.42.120 UP UP
2 135.121.42.121 UP UP
Avg latency (ms)
Grp Node sps3 sps2
-----------------------------------------------
1 135.121.42.119 0 0
1 135.121.42.120 0 0
2 135.121.42.121 0 0
In Flight
Grp Node sps3 sps2
----------------------------------------
1 135.121.42.119 0 0
1 135.121.42.120 0 0
2 135.121.42.121 0 0
ship (MB)
Grp Node sps3 sps2
----------------------------------------
1 135.121.42.119 0 0
1 135.121.42.120 0 0
2 135.121.42.121 0 0</codeblock></p>
        </section>
        <section id="section_evq_4zq_cmb">
            <title>Example of results with -l option</title>
            <p>All of the sessions stored in the database of the current site are used for the
                aggregation. The counts are grouped by primary site
                ID.<codeblock>-sh-4.2$ db-stats -l
Date: Wed Sep 19 10:11:30 EDT 2018
It may take a while to query and aggregate the session counts. Please
wait...
Site ID 1* 2
IP-CAN 9799587 9799587
Af 0 0
Sy 0 0
Sd 0 0
S9 0 0
NASReq 0 0
Gy 0 0</codeblock></p>
        </section>
    </conbody>
</concept>
