<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="elasticsearch">
    <title>Elasticsearch</title>
    <conbody>
        <p>What is Elasticsearch? "Elasitcsearch is a search engine based on the Lucene library. It
            provides a distributed, multitenant-capable full-text search engine with an HTTP web
            interface and schema-free JSON documents. Elasticsearch is developed by Java."
            -Wikipedia</p>
        <p>HOWEVER, Elasticsearch also produces logging and monitoring tools. Which do we use? I
            suspect Nokia uses the logging and monitoring tools rather than the search tools, but
            perhaps I am wrong.</p>
        <p>It wasn't mentioned in the VNF docs, so it must be useful for CNF only.</p>
        <p>I bet dollars its logging.</p>
        <p>ELK stack is used to "take data from any source, in any form, then search, analyze, and
            visualize it in real time".</p>
        <p>In an ELK stack, "...Elasticsearch is a real-time, distributed storage, search, and
            analytics engine. It can be used for many purposes, bu one context where it excels is
            indexing streams of semi-structured data, such as logs or decoded network packets." So
            basically Elasticsearch is fed logs, which are in turn made searchable and given to some
            other process.</p>
        <p>Part of BELK: <xref
                href="https://confluence.app.alcatel-lucent.com/display/plateng/BELK+-+ELK+Stack"
                format="html" scope="external"/></p>
        <p><xref href="https://www.elastic.co/elasticsearch/" format="html" scope="external"/></p>
        <p>Tasks you can accomplish with Elasticsearch:<ul id="ul_kbb_fgz_llb">
                <li/>
            </ul></p>
    </conbody>
</concept>
