<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="export_import_web_sso">
    <title>Export and import</title>
    <body>
        <section id="section_zkg_4gr_llb">
            <title>Overview of export and import using Web SSO Admin Console</title>
            <p>The <i>Web SSO Admin Console</i> allows to import and export most of the resources in
                the Web SSO server database. However, the <i>Web SSO Admin Console</i> does not
                support the export of users.<note>The attributes containing secret or private
                    information are masked in the export file.</note></p>
            <p>The files created during a startup export can also be used to import from the admin
                user interface, which enables you to export from one realm and import to another
                realm. Alternatively, you may export from one server and import to another.<note>The
                    Web SSO Admin Console exports or imports allows just one realm per
                file.</note></p>
            <p>The <i>Web SSO Admin Console</i> import operation allows you to overwrite resources
                depending on your selection.</p>
            <p>The <i>Web SSO Admin Console</i> export operation allows you to export clients,
                groups, and roles. If there is a great number of any specific assets in your realm,
                then this operation may take more time than usual to complete the entire process.
                During the transition of the export operation, the Web SSO server may not be
                responsive to user requests.</p>
        </section>
    </body>
</topic>
