<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="gui_elements_web_sso">
    <title>GUI elements</title>
    <body>
        <section id="section_ndf_btz_jlb">
            <title> Log in and log out of the Web SSO GUI</title>
            <p>To log into the Web SSO GUI as an administrator, open the web browser and enter
                    <i>https:// &lt;smhostserver>:8666/auth/</i> in the address bar. Then, enter the
                username and password to access the Web SSO server GUI.</p>
            <note>The above mentioned username and password credentials are stored in system
                parameters, so they need to be in sync if SM login is to interact correctly with the
                WebSSO server. The following command can be used to view and change the credentials
                used by SM to communicate with the WebSSO
                server:<codeblock>TPA_systemProp | grep CKEY
CKEY Admin User
CKEY Admin Password</codeblock></note>
            <note>Generally, an SM user who is not an administrator only needs to log in to the SM
                as usual and the SM redirects the user as required.</note>
            <p><b>Launch pad</b></p>
            <p>Once a user logs into the Web SSO server GUI, the <i>Launch Pad</i> is displayed that
                provides various options. The desired category under which all the entities
                belonging to that particular category are available may be selected.<table
                    frame="all" rowsep="1" colsep="1" id="table_csl_yvz_jlb">
                    <title>Categories available on the Web SSO server GUI</title>
                    <tgroup cols="2">
                        <colspec colname="c1" colnum="1" colwidth="1*"/>
                        <colspec colname="c2" colnum="2" colwidth="1*"/>
                        <thead>
                            <row>
                                <entry>Category</entry>
                                <entry>Description</entry>
                            </row>
                        </thead>
                        <tbody>
                            <row>
                                <entry>Administration Console</entry>
                                <entry>Allows the admin to centrally manage all aspects of the Web
                                    SSO server by redirecting to the <i>Admin Console</i> of the Web
                                    SSO server.</entry>
                            </row>
                            <row>
                                <entry>Documentation</entry>
                                <entry> Allows the admin to access the documentation related to Web
                                    SSO server information, such as server installation and
                                    configuration guide, server administration guide, and Javadocs
                                    amongst many others.</entry>
                            </row>
                            <row>
                                <entry>Keycloak Project</entry>
                                <entry> Allows the admin to learn Web SSO server basics, such as
                                    adding authentication to Web SSO server applications and
                                    securing services.</entry>
                            </row>
                            <row>
                                <entry>Mailing List</entry>
                                <entry> Allows the admin to manage or subscribe to the Web SSO user
                                    mailing list.</entry>
                            </row>
                            <row>
                                <entry>Report an issue</entry>
                                <entry>Allows the admin to resolve any known Web SSO server issues
                                    by redirecting to the known issues list and their related
                                    workarounds.</entry>
                            </row>
                        </tbody>
                    </tgroup>
                </table></p>
        </section>
    </body>
</topic>
