<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="message_filters">
    <title>Message filters</title>
    
    <conbody>
        <section id="section_q1q_12p_plb">
            <title>Message filters and routing functions</title>
            <p>To support the primary Diameter message routing functions of the NCC, the NCC uses
                the filter group infrastructure to build conditional rules. This functionality is
                separate from the Rule engine functionality but uses the same contexts to formulate
                a condition to provide a flexible framework for Diameter message representation and
                manipulation.</p>
            <p>The message context is a wrapper around a Diameter message and makes the Diameter
                AVPs for a message type available in the same hierarchical structure as defined in
                the relevant standards document for the Diameter application.</p>
            <p>The NCC uses message filters for base Diameter message validation and application
                plugin message processing. For a given context, a filter applies a specified action
                to a message based on a specified attribute.</p>
            <p>A context is a source of information and/or a place to apply an action. The most
                commonly used context for the NCC is the message context, which consists of
                attributes and actions related to a Diameter message. The NCC also uses the system
                context which, among other things, contains the system overload state. The NCC
                creates a separate message-specific context for each supported Diameter message
                type, including the basic Diameter request and Diameter answer message types.</p>
            <p>An attribute is something that can be accessed/read, for example an attribute could
                be the application type, a command, or AVPs. An action is something that can be
                invoked. For example, modifying an incoming request before forwarding or populating
                a response message to send back to the origin host. </p>
            <p>A message filter consists of a list of criterion and a list of actions. The criteria
                are matched against incoming messages. If the message matches all of the criteria,
                the NCC executes the corresponding action(s) of the message filter. All of the
                actions of a matching filter are executed. After evaluating one filter, the NCC
                proceeds to the next filter if applicable. If that filter is deemed to be a match
                for the incoming messages then the action(s) of that filter are executed.</p>
            <p>Message filters are used under the Diameter Configuration icon and under the
                Subscriber Manager icon of the SM GUI for:<ul id="ul_gqn_d2p_plb">
                    <li>Overload protection</li>
                    <li>Throttling</li>
                    <li>Message validation</li>
                    <li>Diameter routing</li>
                    <li>White listing</li>
                    <li>Message tracing</li>
                </ul></p>
            <p>For each application listed above, a filter may be built with the criteria and
                actions that will be sequentially applied to each message. Filters can be built by
                adding elements from the menu on the left in the editor.</p>
            <p>The options available are dependent on the element that is currently selected. For
                example, filter criterion can only be added when a filter is selected. The XML
                source of a message filter may be viewed by switching to Text mode.</p>
            <p>Note that when building a filter, any necessary filter criteria must be placed before
                the filter action(s) in the GUI or API call. Filters can be dragged up or down to
                determine the sequence in which they should be evaluated.</p>
            <p>When using applications and commands as part of message filter criteria values can be
                either textual names or numeric values, for example, criteria such as Application =
                “Gx” or Command = “CCR”. Because a command’s definition is relative to a particular
                application, command criteria cannot appear without also defining the application
                criteria in the same message filter.</p>
        </section>
    </conbody>
</concept>
