<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="realm_settings">
    <title>Realm settings</title>
    <body>
        <section id="section_dt1_1rv_klb">
            <title>Purpose</title>
            <p>Realm Selection on the upper-left drop-down menu allows the selection of the realm to
                be managed. The sps-auth realm is the only realm used in NCC and it is automatically
                created with SSL automatically configured on it by the NCC installation scripts.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="section_wrw_brv_klb">
            <title>Realm</title>
            <p>A predefined realm is created when the Web SSO server is booted for the first time.
                This initial realm is referred to as the master realm or the head of all realms. The
                administrators of the master realm have the permissions to view and manage any other
                realm created on the server instance. When the initial administrator account is
                defined, an account must be created in the master realm. The initial login to the
                    <i>Web SSO Admin Console</i> is initiated through the master realm.</p>
            <p>The realm has a dedicated admin console that can be accessed from the URL:<i>
                    /auth/admin/&lt;realm-name>/console</i>. The users within that realm can be
                granted realm management permissions by assigning specific user role
                    mappings.<note>: Do not use the master realm to manage the users and
                    applications in an organization. The master realm  should only be preserved for
                    super administrator tasks such as creating or managing realms in the
                    system.</note></p>
            <p>The NCC installation scripts create a realm called "sps-auth" along with associated
                client configurations for communicating with the local SM application.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="section_ssm_hrv_klb">
            <title>SSL mode</title>
            <p>The realm has an SSL mode associated with it, which defines the SSL or HTTPS
                requirements for interacting with the realm. The web browsers and applications that
                interact with the realm must comply with the SSL or HTTPS requirements defined by
                the SSL mode. SSL is configured by default during installation.</p>
        </section>
    </body>
</topic>
