<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="sps_tools">
    <title>NCC CNF tools</title>
    <conbody>
        <p>This appendix describes the tools that are available outside of the Service Manager GUI.
            Although most provisioning and configuration is done using the Service Manager GUI, the
            NCC also features tools for other specific tasks.</p>
        <p>NCC database is managed using a series of command line tools. The tools may be run by the
            customer or by the Nokia support personnel. The tools are provided on the AdminCLI pod,
            a singleton pod specifically for this purpose. A kubectl command will be run by users to
            gain access to the AdminCLI pod for running these NCC CNF tools and scripts. For
            example, the following command is used to run the db-stats tool on a pod with name
                <codeph>&lt;pod instance
            name></codeph>:<codeblock>kubectl exec -it -n &lt;pod instance name> -- /opt/tpa/bin/db-stats -s all</codeblock></p>
        <section id="section_ixr_sz3_nlb">
            <title>Supported tools</title>
            <p>The following tools are supported:<ul id="ul_zlw_xz3_nlb">
                    <li><i>configure-manual-oos</i>: manually declares a component that is in a
                        geo-redundant deployment out of service.</li>
                    <li><i>db-backup</i>: creates a backup of the Aerospike
                        database<!--Dray: is this true?--></li>
                    <li><i>db-list</i>: lists the records in the Aerospike database, which is
                        written in a compressed (.gz) files in a JSON format.</li>
                    <li><i>db-stats</i>: displays Aerospike database statistics</li>
                    <li><i>log-level</i>: provides get/set/reset log levels from the AdminCLI pod
                        to all application servers in the cluster.</li>
                    <li><i>network-status</i>: retrieves the heartbeat status on demand.</li>
                    <li><i>chf-status</i>: displays status information for this NCC system.</li>
                    <li><i>xdr-status</i>: <!--DRAY: FIXME--></li>
                </ul></p>
        </section>
    </conbody>
</concept>
