<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="user_admin_web_sso">
    <title>User administration with Web SSO</title>
    <body>
        <section id="section_xwl_3rz_jlb">
            <title>Overview</title>
            <p>The maintenance of GUI users, passwords, and role mapping are performed using the Web
                SSO administration GUI. These tasks are performed by the administrator of the Web
                SSO GUI. The user administration on the SM GUI is replaced by the Web SSO GUI,
                wherein the user logs in again as a Web SSO administrator to perform actions other
                than changing their own password.<note>Generally, an SM user who is not an
                    administrator only needs to log in to the SM as usual and the SM redirects the
                    user as required.</note></p>
        </section>
        <section id="section_kzl_nrz_jlb">
            <title>Creating a new or onboarding a new user</title>
            <p>The Web SSO administrator creates new users using the following methods:<ul
                    id="ul_cv1_qrz_jlb">
                    <li>The administrator creates a new user using the given attributes:<ul
                            id="ul_tny_srz_jlb">
                            <li>Blank email address:<ul id="ul_jfb_5rz_jlb">
                                    <li>In the case that the email client is not configured, mark
                                        the "Email Verified" field as ON and make sure the "Required
                                        User Actions" is empty to enable user to log in.</li>
                                </ul></li>
                            <li>Temporary password, which is further communicated to the user
                                separately.</li>
                            <li><i>Required User Actions</i>, set as Verify Email (Only if email
                                client is configured).</li>
                            <li>Assigned a single NCC user role.</li>
                        </ul></li>
                    <li>When a user logs in for the first time to the GUI:<ul id="ul_bfh_2sz_jlb">
                            <li>Upon successful login, the user is forced to change own
                                password.</li>
                            <li>If the Administrator did not enter the email ID when creating the
                                new user, the user is redirected to the account settings screen
                                where adding the email address is a mandatory entry.</li>
                            <li>The user logs in again to the GUI and after entering their
                                credentials, the user is informed that email address is required to
                                be verified and an email has been sent to the user email address
                                with a link to validate.</li>
                            <li>The user receives the email, clicks the link, and logs in directly
                                without entering any username or password.</li>
                        </ul><note>This flow can be bypassed if the Web SSO administrator creates
                            the new user with a profile with the email verified as
                                <userinput>ON</userinput> and the <i>Required User Actions</i> set
                            as empty.</note><note>The correct "email host" and a "from email id"
                            should be configured to enable Web SSO to actually send an email to the
                            user's email id. That configuration is done from: Spsauth → Realm
                            Settings → Email in the Admin Console. The email host that is given
                            should have an email client running on it. </note></li>
                </ul></p>
        </section>
        <section id="section_phs_wsz_jlb">
            <title>Forgot or change user password</title>
            <p>When the initial GUI is loaded and redirected to the Web SSO login screen, a forgot
                password link is provided to invoke the Web SSO features to administer the
                individual password of a user and for changing the password, a link is added to the
                SM GUI, which in turn invokes the Web SSO features. </p>
        </section>
    </body>
</topic>
