<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="id9yz-09018-cn02-tczza-sp1-d1e5747"><title>Database application preferences</title><conbody>
<section><title>Database application configuration parameters</title>
<p>The following table describes the application preference parameter values available for the database application preference configuration.</p>
<table colsep="1" rowsep="1" scale="80">
                <title>Database and XDR-related application preference parameters</title>
                <tgroup cols="4">
                    <colspec colname="col1"/>
                    <colspec colname="col2"/>
                    <colspec colname="col3"/>
                    <colspec colname="COLSPEC6"/>
                    <thead>
                        <row>
                            <entry>
                                <p>Parameter</p>
                            </entry>
                            <entry>
                                <p>Description</p>
                            </entry>
                            <entry>
                                <p>Options</p>
                            </entry>
                            <entry>
                                <p>Updated this release</p>
                            </entry>
                        </row>
                    </thead>
                    <tbody>
                        <row>
                            <entry> Aerospike Key Metrics Monitoring Interval (secs) </entry>
                            <entry> Controls how often policy application monitors the Aerospike
                                database key metrics. </entry>
                            <entry>
                                <p>Min 60</p>
                                <p>Max 3600</p>
                                <p>Default: 300</p>
                            </entry>
                            <entry> — </entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry> Entity Metrics Monitoring Interval (secs) </entry>
                            <entry> This property controls how often the active OAME node collects
                                the entity count metrics (i.e. secondary index counts) from the
                                database nodes. </entry>
                            <entry>
                                <p>Integer </p>
                                <p>Default: 300 </p>
                                <p>Min: 30 </p>
                                <p>Max: 2147483647</p>
                                <p>To disable this feature, set the interval to the max value.</p>
                            </entry>
                            <entry> — </entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry> XDR remote site ship destination error threshold (count) </entry>
                            <entry> This refers to the threshold limit for the
                                ‘dc_ship_destination_error’ metric of the database for a specific
                                remote site. Beyond this value, a minor “XDR. The destination errors
                                for the remote site exceeds the allowable threshold” alarm is raised
                                in the system. </entry>
                            <entry> Default: 50 </entry>
                            <entry> — </entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry> XDR remote site ship source error threshold (count) </entry>
                            <entry> This refers to the threshold limit for the
                                ‘dc_ship_source_error’ metric of the database for a specific remote
                                site. Beyond this value, a minor “XDR. The source errors for the
                                remote site exceeds the allowable threshold” alarm is raised in the
                                system. </entry>
                            <entry> Default: 50 </entry>
                            <entry> — </entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry> XDR remote site average ship latency threshold (ms) </entry>
                            <entry> This refers to the threshold limit for the ‘dc_ship_latency_avg’
                                metric of the database for a specific remote site. Beyond this
                                value, a minor “XDR. The ship latency average for the remote site
                                exceeds the allowable threshold” alarm is raised in the system. </entry>
                            <entry> Default: 2000 </entry>
                            <entry> — </entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry> XDR remote site timelag high-watermark (secs) </entry>
                            <entry> This refers to the threshold limit for the ‘dc_timelag’ metric
                                of the database. This threshold is considered while deciding whether
                                a particular site should be marked CURRENT, BEHIND, or OVERFLOWED as
                                an XDR synchronization state, which eventually decides whether any
                                site might require disaster recovery or if it should go into
                                multiple OOS states like OOS-Waiting for Resync/
                                OOS-Disaster-Recovery-Required. </entry>
                            <entry> Default: 600 </entry>
                            <entry> — </entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry> XDR remote site timelag low-watermark (secs) </entry>
                            <entry> This refers to the threshold limit for the ‘dc_timelag’ metric
                                of the database for a specific remote site.  Beyond this value, a
                                minor alarm is raised in the system. </entry>
                            <entry> Default: 180 </entry>
                            <entry> — </entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry> Aerospike XDR Metrics Query Interval (secs) </entry>
                            <entry> This controls how often the active OAME node collect the XDR
                                metrics from the Aerospike database nodes. </entry>
                            <entry> Default: 10 </entry>
                            <entry> — </entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry> Aerospike XDR Remote Status Polling Interval (secs) </entry>
                            <entry> This controls how often the receiving policy application site
                                polls the sending policy site(s) for their view of XDR status. </entry>
                            <entry> Default: 10 </entry>
                            <entry> — </entry>
                        </row>
                    </tbody>
                </tgroup>
            </table>
</section>
</conbody></concept>
<?oxy_options track_changes="on"?>