<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="id9yz-09018-cn02-tczza-sp1-d1e6080"><title>Diameter application preferences</title><conbody>
<section><title>Diameter configuration</title>
<p>The following table describes the application preference parameter values available for the Diameter configuration.</p>
<table pgwide="1" colsep="1" rowsep="1" scale="80">
                <title>Diameter application preference parameters</title>
                <tgroup cols="4">
                    <colspec colname="col1"/>
                    <colspec colname="col2"/>
                    <colspec colname="col3"/>
                    <colspec colname="COLSPEC5"/>
                    <thead>
                        <row>
                            <entry>
                                <p>Parameter</p>
                            </entry>
                            <entry>
                                <p>Description</p>
                            </entry>
                            <entry>
                                <p>Options</p>
                            </entry>
                            <entry>
                                <p>Updated this release</p>
                            </entry>
                        </row>
                    </thead>
                    <tbody>
                        <row>
                            <entry> Session Replacement Uses Diameter Peer </entry>
                            <entry>
                                <p>This application preference can be configured so that the
                                    overlapping session binding information is constrained to a
                                    Diameter peer during session replacement. </p>
                                <p>When this application preference is set to true, the Diameter
                                    peer is considered, which is useful in cases where a gateway
                                    uses overlapping IP address pools. When set to false, the
                                    Diameter peer is not considered when session replacement
                                    occurs.</p>
                            </entry>
                            <entry>
                                <p>true or false</p>
                                <p>Default: false</p>
                                <p>
                                    <b>Warning: </b>Sessions may be lost if you attempt to set this
                                    application preference to “false” after the system has been
                                    running with this application preference set to “true”. If this
                                    application preference is set to “true”, duplicate sessions with
                                    the same IPv4 address are allowed if they are on different
                                    diameter peers; however, if after setting the application
                                    preference to true, you then set the application preference to
                                    “false”, the next new session to be created with that IPv4
                                    address will cause all other sessions to be terminated. </p>
                            </entry>
                            <entry> — </entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry> Generic Binding Inactivity Duration </entry>
                            <entry> The Generic Binding database records become subject to audit
                                after a specified interval. The audit removes records that have a
                                timestamp that is older than the age specified by the Generic
                                Binding Inactivity Duration application preference parameter at the
                                time the audit runs. </entry>
                            <entry>
                                <p>Default: 2592000000</p>
                                <p>Contact Technical Support for assistance if you need to tag
                                    specific Generic Binding database records so that they are
                                    ignored by the audit and stored permanently.</p>
                            </entry>
                            <entry> — </entry>
                        </row>
                        <row>
                            <entry> Monitor Diameter IO Connected Peers </entry>
                            <entry>
                                <p>When enabled (true) you are setting a flag that enables the
                                    monitoring of peers connected through the DiameterIO. It checks
                                    whether all peer connections have been lost (if there was at
                                    least one).</p>
                                <p>By default it is set to false.</p>
                                <p>See the “NCC Monitoring” section in the <i>NCC Administration
                                        Guide</i> for more information.</p>
                            </entry>
                            <entry>
                                <p>true or false</p>
                                <p>Default: false</p>
                            </entry>
                            <entry> — </entry>
                        </row>
                    </tbody>
                </tgroup>
            </table>
</section>
</conbody></concept>